Chapter 1:   Sakura Airi's   Soliloquy   I don't know how to interact with other people.
I'm bad at talking   while making eye contact.
I'm horrible with crowds.
I don't remember how   or when I became so hopeless.
However, one thing I do know for certain is that a person cannot live   entirely in isolation.
No matter how much I may love my solitude, I can't   remain totally by myself.
So, I came up with a solution.
I would adopt a false   face and hide my true self.
Then, I wouldn't be completely honest, but I could   be a version of myself.
I could continue to live in this dark, lonely world.
The world isn't entirely beautiful.
Everyone knows this, but in their   hearts they still wish for that perfect, idyllic place.
A bit of a contradiction.
I don't care who answers me, but I need to know.
Is everyone else   putting on a fac?ade, just like me?
Or do most people show their true selves to   the outside world?
Since I can't connect with people, I suppose there's no   way for me to find out the answer.
Therefore, I remain alone.
I'm all right by myself.
I'm all right with being alone.
I...
I want to connect with someone from the bottom of my heart.
And so I will continue to live quietly, with my eyes downcast.
Alone.
Please view the Illustration.
Chapter 2:   The Sudden Beginning of   Our Tumultuous Troubles   The timing couldn't have been worse.
While searching for a place to take a good selfie, I stumbled into   something.
Even a certain famous, diminutive detective would have held his   breath when witnessing such a tense situation.
The whole thing had started about ten seconds ago.
Someone made a   trivial comment, which upset the other party.
That led to vicious insults,   which turned into a fistfight.
No, a "fight" wasn't the right way of putting it.
The other three male students lay on the floor, writhing in pain.
A red-haired   boy stood over them, looking down in victory.
It was an entirely one-sided   ordeal.
His right fist was covered in blood from the students he'd pummeled.
This was the first brawl I'd ever witnessed.
In elementary school I saw boys   quarrel with each other in class, pulling clothes and pinching arms.
This was   different, though.
I could feel the tension in the air.
Though I was terrified, I began capturing the scene with my camera.
The shutter didn't make a sound.
After taking the pictures, I asked myself   what I was doing.
I couldn't think clearly in my panicked state.
I tried to   quickly get away.
However, my brain no longer seemed to function properly.
My legs didn't obey my command to move, like I was paralyzed."
He he, so.
Do you really think that this is the end of it, Sudou?"   Despite being barely able to move, one of the male students on the   ground tried to taunt Sudou."
Do you wanna make me laugh?
You're in the sorriest state possible.
You want to go for another round, huh?
Next time I won't hold back."   Sudou-kun grabbed the beaten boy's collar, and brought him closer.
They were eye-to-eye now, only a few centimeters apart.
Sudou looked as   though he was going to kill and then devour his opponent, which was so   overwhelming that the defeated boy looked away.
"Are you scared?
Did you really think you'd beat me if you had more   people?"   Sudou-kun snorted, dropped the student, picked up his bag, and then   turned and walked away as if the defeated three completely disinterested him.
My heart rate skyrocketed.
Well, that was natural.
Sudou-kun was headed for   my hiding spot.
My potential escape routes from this building were limited.
I had the idea to turn back down the staircase I'd used to come up here.
However, I still couldn't move, and my window of opportunity was closing.
I'd heard that that when someone was involved in a crisis, his or her body   would lock up, exactly like what was happening now."
What a waste of time.
Tiring me out after practice.
Give me a break,"   Sudou-kun said.
The distance between us was closing.
He was only a few short meters   away."
You're the one who's going to regret this later, Sudou."   The boy's words stopped Sudou-kun in his tracks."
Nothing's more pathetic than a sore loser.
No matter how many times   you come at me, you won't win."   He wasn't bluffing.
He clearly had the confidence to back up what he   said.
After all, Sudou-kun had emerged victorious and unscathed from a   three-on-one fight.
Tomorrow was the first of July, but given how much I was sweating   you'd think summer was already here.
I remained completely still in my   hiding place.
Sweat poured down the nape of my neck.
I decided to leave   calmly, quietly, and without panicking.
I'd hate it if someone were to spot me   and involve me in this mess.
If that happened, it would cast a dark cloud over   my otherwise peaceful school life.
I left the scene quickly and carefully."
Is someone there?"   Sudou-kun, sensing my movement, looked to where I'd been mere   moments before.
However, I'd successfully escaped by a hair's breadth.
If I'd   lagged a mere two seconds, he probably would've seen me.
Please view the Illustration.
2.
1   Mornings in Class D were always lively, because most of the   students were far from studious.
Today they were being even more raucous   than usual.
The reason was obvious.
We were about to finally get points for   the first time since we'd come to this school.
My school, the "Tokyo Metropolitan Advanced Nurturing High   School," has adopted an unprecedented system known as the S-Point System.
I'll explain that in a bit.
I took out my school-provided cell phone, launched the pre-installed   school app, and logged in using my student ID and password.
I then selected   the option "Balance Inquiry" from the menu.
From here, you could do many   things.
You could check your current personal balance, or you could see how   many collective points the class had.
There was also a function that enabled   you to send points to another student.
There were two types of points listed.
One of them was marked with a   "cl" at the end, which was short for "class." These were also referred to as   "class points"-not points that an individual student possessed, but rather,   points that the class had accumulated together.
Class D had had zero class   points since June.
No points at all.
The other points were marked with a "pr"   at the end, which stood for "private." These were our individual points.
On the first day of every month, they multiplied the cl points, or class   points, by 100, then deposited that amount into our private point accounts.
We used these private points to purchase daily necessities, meals, even   electrical appliances.
At this school, points are currency.
They are very   important.
If you didn't have any private points, you were forced to live day-to-   day without spending money.
You couldn't use real currency anywhere on   campus.
Because Class D was sitting at zero points, we hadn't received any   private points for the month, and thus had to get by without cash.
When we first started here, we had 1000 class points.
If we had kept those points, we would have received 100,000-yen   worth of points each month.
Unfortunately, our class points fluctuated everyday.
Many things caused a reduction in points, like talking in class or getting   a low score on a test.
As a result, Class D had zero points when May came   around.
Things had continued in that vein until now, July 1.   In addition to determining our monthly allowance, the class points   were used to measure our class's merit.
The classes were ordered by class   points, in descending order from A through D.
So in the event that Class D   managed to get enough points to surpass Class C, our class would probably   be promoted from D to C for the next month.
Moreover, should we finally   manage to get all the way up to Class A, then we'd have the chance to attend   the college of our choice, or to get the job we wanted.
When I first heard about this system, I thought it'd be important to   accumulate as many class points as possible.
Private points would grant us   only personal satisfaction.
However, my perspective changed when I bought   a point for the midterm test.
I'd been able to purchase a point for Sudou on that recent test.
If I   hadn't, he'd have just barely failed.
When I realized that the school would   allow me to purchase exam points, I understood that our homeroom teacher,   Chabashira-sensei, hadn't been kidding when she told us, "At this school,   you can buy anything with your points."   Ergo, holding onto private points meant that it was possible to   favorably change your situation.
Upon further consideration, you could likely   purchase more than just test points."
Good morning, everyone.
You all seem more restless than usual   today."   Chabashira-sensei strode into the classroom as the homeroom bell rang."
Sae-chan-sensei!
Do we have zero points again this month?!
When I   checked this morning, I didn't see a single point deposited into my account!"   "Oh, so that's why you're all so restless?"   "We worked ourselves half to death this past month!
We passed the   midterm, so why are we still at zero points?!
No one's been late or absent,   and no one's talked during class, either!"   "Don't jump to conclusions.
Listen to what I have to say first.
You're   correct, Ike.
You have all worked harder than ever before.
I recognize that.
Naturally, the school understands full well how you all feel."   After being admonished by the teacher, Ike shut his mouth and sat back   down."
Well then.
Without further ado, here are this month's point totals."   She put a paper up on the board that listed the point values, starting   with Class A at the top.
Excluding Class D, all of the other classes had nearly   100 more points than last month.
Class A now sat at 1004 points, slightly   above where everyone had started when we were admitted."
This isn't good.
Could they have figured out a way to increase their   point total?!"   My neighbor, Horikita Suzune, appeared solely focused on the other   classes.
However, Ike and most of the other Class D students didn't care   much about the other classes' points.
The important question for them was   whether we had received more class points.
That was it.
Written next to Class D was our point total: 87 points."
Huh?
Wait, 87? Does that mean we actually went up?
Yahoo!"   Ike excitedly jumped up and down the instant he saw our score."
It's too early to celebrate.
All the other classes saw a similar increase   in their points.
We didn't close the distance at all.
This might just be a reward   first-year students receive for getting through the midterm.
Every class seems   to have gotten at least 100 points."   "So that's what happened.
I thought it odd that we'd been awarded   points so quickly."   Horikita, who hoped to reach Class A, didn't appear pleased with the   result.
She wasn't smiling."
Are you disappointed because the gap between the classes has   widened, Horikita?" I asked."
No, that's not it.
We managed to get something this time, after all."   "Get something?
Get what?" asked Ike, now standing.
Horikita, after attracting everyone's attention, fell back into silence.
It   was as if she didn't wish to provide an answer.
The class leader, Hirata   Yousuke, answered for her.
"I believe that Horikita-san is referring to the deductions we incurred   throughout April and May.
In other words, we didn't see a reduction in points   for talking in class or being late."   The sharp-witted Hirata hadn't missed a beat.
Splendid."
Ah, is that so?
I suppose that even if we got 100 points, a lot of   deductions would've brought us down to zero." Ike, after this simple   explanation, raised his arms in victory."
Wait.
But then, why didn't we get   any points?"   He lobbed his original question again at Chabashira-sensei.
It was   indeed strange that we hadn't received 8700 private points in our accounts."
Well, this time there was a little trouble.
The first-year students' point   distribution has been delayed.
I'm sorry, but you'll have to wait a bit longer,"   she said."
Huh?
Seriously?
If this is the school's fault, then shouldn't we get   some kind of bonus as compensation?"   The students grumbled in discontent.
Once they found out that they   would be getting their points, their attitudes had changed dramatically.
There   was a significant difference between 87 points and no points."
Don't blame me.
This was the school's decision, there's nothing I can   do about it.
Once the trouble has been resolved, you'll receive your points.
If   there are still points left, that is."   There was deeper meaning behind Chabashira-sensei's words.
2.
2   Once lunchtime came around, everyone went to eat.
Lately, I've   come to believe that dining with friends is actually the most difficult aspect   of student life.
Take Kushida Kikyou, for example.
She's extremely popular   and has many friends, both girls and boys.
She gets in-person invitations,   along with constant invites over the phone and through email.
Even though   she's unable to respond to everyone and sometimes has to turn people down,   when she eats with friends she appears to have a real life.
On the other hand, you've got people like Ike and Yamauchi, who   aren't very popular with girls.
They eat with their group of guy friends,   including Sudou and Hondou, almost every day.
Meanwhile, I don't really belong anywhere.
I'd say I'm friends with Kushida.
I'm friends with Ike and Yamauchi,   too.
Though I eat with them on occasion, I wouldn't say it's a frequent   occurrence.
Generally speaking, it's the kind of relationship where the other   party asks, "Want to have lunch?" or "Are you free after class?"   I didn't really mind near the start of the school year.
Before I'd made   any friends, it was only natural that I would be alone.
However, now I was   experiencing a strange phenomenon: I had friends, yet I was still on my own.
It was an uncomfortable experience.
If I happened to be absent on a day when we formed groups for a   school trip, I'd possibly end up left out.
Did they all consider me a low-tier   friend?
Or was our friendship all in my head?
Those were my thoughts.
Nervous and anxious, I unintentionally looked at Ike and the others.
I'm over here, guys.
It's okay for you to invite me.
My glances were filled   with selfishness and anticipation.
I was flooded by feelings of self-loathing.
Reminding myself that I should know when to give up, I averted my gaze.
Pathetic scenes like this played out daily."
You're still not used to it.
You're as pathetic as ever, Ayanokouji-   kun."   My neighbor shot me a somewhat cold look.
"You seem completely used to solitude," I replied."
I'm quite fine, thank you."   I meant to sound sarcastic, but Horikita took it as sincere.
The majority   of our classmates had already formed their own groups, but a few students   were still all alone.
That offered some relief.
Horikita wasn't the only loner;   Kouenji spent most of his time alone, too.
On first starting here, he'd enjoyed   the company of girls from other classes and grade levels.
However, once he   ran low on points, he began to spend most of his time in the classroom.
He was the sole heir to the Kouenji conglomerate group, one of the   largest corporations in Japan.
He didn't love solitude, but rather, loved   himself and cared little for others.
I respected that he didn't seem bothered at   all by being alone.
He was currently completely lost in examining his face in   a hand mirror, his daily routine.
Aside from him, there was a quiet girl with glasses.
At one time Ike   had made a ruckus about how large her breasts were, but because she was   considered plain, everyone quickly lost interest.
She was always alone, and   I'd never seen her talk to anyone.
Just the other day, she'd been eating by   herself, hunched over her bento box.
She was one of the few students who   made her own lunches.
Just then, my neighbor took a bento box from her bag and opened it.
Lately, Horikita had been making her own lunches rather than going to the   cafeteria, too."
Doesn't it cost quite a bit and take a lot of effort to make your own   lunch?" I asked.
Although they weren't exactly high quality, the free meals offered in   the school cafeteria were a form of relief for students who'd used up all of   their points.
There was no merit in a homemade lunch, which consumed time   and your own points to make."
I'm not sure about that.
The school supermarket provides free   ingredients, you know."   "Wait, so you made this with free stuff?"   Horikita simply opened her bento in response.
It didn't have much in   the way of meat or fried foods, but it looked tasty.
"Don't tell me.
Not only are you a bright scholar, you're an   accomplished cook as well?
That doesn't seem to fit your personality."   "Anyone can cook by looking up a recipe in a book or on the Internet.
Our dorms come equipped with all of the necessary tools, as well."   Horikita didn't waste any more words trying to impress upon me how   much of a genius she was.
She simply took out her chopsticks.
I guess it all   seemed so obvious to her."
But why did you decide to go through the trouble of making your own   lunch?" I asked."
The cafeteria is noisy.
It's much more relaxing to eat here, wouldn't   you say?"   Toward the start of the year, many of the students had gone to the   cafeteria to buy bread or lunches, but facing a shortage of points an   overwhelming number of students got the free meal set.
Looking around, I   could see that only a few students remained in the classroom.
Was this Horikita's preferred environment?
One where Ike and the   others weren't around?"
Do I already miss riding the big cafeteria-bound wave of students?"   "You're always staring out at the ocean, but you don't have a   surfboard.
You lack even the determination to ride the wave, don't you?
And   you talk about missing it?
You're awfully full of yourself."   I wished I had a comeback for that, but I couldn't argue.
I just wanted   her to cut me a break.
2.
3   Unlike lunch, my time after class felt surprisingly pleasant, since I   didn't have to worry about interacting with anyone.
Even if I went straight   back to the dorms, I didn't stand out at all since several other students did   that, too.
There was some value in being able to vanish like a ninja into a   crowd.
If I hung toward the back of some group of friends, I could pretend I   was one of them."
How pitiful."   I was pretty pleased with myself for being able to so skillfully pretend   that I had friends, but there really wasn't anyone at this school who cared   about my pretense in the first place."
Sudou.
I have to talk to you about something.
Come to the faculty   room," Chabashira-sensei called out to Sudou, who was trying to beat a hasty   retreat from the classroom."
Huh?
What do you want with me?
I've got basketball practice now."   Sudou languidly opened up his bag to show off the sports uniform inside."
I've already spoken with the advisor.
You don't have to come with me   if you don't want to, but you will face the consequences later."   Chabashira-sensei's threatening words set Sudou a little on edge."
What?
Will this be over quickly?"   "That all depends on you.
The longer you stand there, the more time   you waste."   It seemed as though he had no choice but to go with her.
Sudou clicked   his tongue, and followed Chabashira-sensei out of the classroom."
I thought that he might have changed, but I guess Sudou's the same as   ever.
Wouldn't it have been better if he just got kicked out?"   I didn't know who was talking, but I could hear some people in our   class mumbling to themselves.
I'd thought the midterm had united our class   as a group, but it must have been my imagination.
It was a shame."
Do you think so, too?
That it would have been better if Sudou-kunwere expelled?" While she spoke, Horikita started putting her textbooks in   her bag.
There probably weren't that may students who took their textbooks   with them to class every single day.
Sometimes I thought she was too serious."
I don't really think so.
What about you, Horikita?
You were the only   person who gave Sudou a helping hand."   "Hmm.
Well, we still don't know whether our points would go up as a   class, really," she replied, disinterested.
When Sudou had faced expulsion during the midterm, Horikita had   helped him by purposefully lowering her own score and spending her own   points to buy him a passing grade.
I'd never imagined her capable of doing   something like that.
We got up from our seats at the same time, and walked out of the   classroom together.
We occasionally went back to the dorms together, though   I couldn't remember when that ritual had started.
Since we didn't have lunch   together or just casually hang out, I found it odd.
Then again, we had the   same path back to the dormitory.
That was probably why we walked together."
I'm a little worried about what Chabashira-sensei said this morning,"   Horikita said."
About our points being delayed?"   "Yes.
She said that there was trouble, but did she mean that it was a   problem for the school, or a problem for us, the students?
If it's the latter,   then..."   "You're overthinking things.
We haven't caused any real problems   lately.
She even said so herself.
I doubt Class D would be the only ones not to   get any points.
It's simply the school having an issue."   Even if there was a cause for concern, even if only the first-year   students had had their payments delayed, Class D probably wasn't the issue.
Probably."
I hope that's the case.
Trouble directly affects our points."   Horikita spent every single day thinking about how to increase our   points.
She wasn't concerned with private points, of course, but class points.
She wanted to get up to Class A.
I wouldn't say that it was impossible, but   right now it was a very long shot.
However, we still had hope.
If Horikita did discover a reliable method   for increasing our points, that would be a huge boon for Class D.
Furthermore, our classmates would come to place more trust in Horikita, and   she'd make friends.
It was a win-win situation."
That reminds me.
You should join in the chat now and again.
You're   the only one who hasn't caught up in a long time."   I took out my phone and launched the group chat app.
We'd invited   Horikita to join after the midterm exam.
Kushida had doubted whether   Horikita would actually participate, since she hated talking with others.
Despite the attempts at friendship, Horikita hadn't participated at all."
I'm not interested in the slightest.
Also, I keep my notifications turned   off."   "Is that right?"   Well, apparently she hadn't intended to participate in the first place.
She probably didn't delete the app because it would send a notification to   Kushida and the rest of the group if she did.
Horikita was free to decide for   herself whether she would participate, so I didn't press the matter any further.
I wasn't really qualified to judge, anyway."
You've been quite talkative lately, Ayanokouji-kun."   "Really?
I thought I've always been like this."   "It's a slight difference, but you've changed."   Although I hadn't intended to change, I probably had undergone a   slight transformation since starting here.
Especially with how I got along with   Horikita...
Well, I wouldn't say that we got along, but I didn't really feel   uncomfortable around her.
If she were another girl, I probably wouldn't have   been able to converse normally.
I'd have gotten nervous and fidgety.
That was why I only talked with people to whom I was close.
More   than anything else, though, I was grateful for a relationship where being   silent didn't worsen the mood."
Did something make you change?"   "I wonder.
Well, if I had to think of a reason, I guess I got used to   attending school, and then I made some friends.
Also, Kushida was probably   a big influence."When I was only around the guys, sometimes we barely talked, or   didn't talk at all.
When Kushida was around, people were always talking, and   the collective mood brightened."
You seem to be getting along quite well with Kushida-san.
Aren't you   bothered, especially knowing about her other side?"   "I admit I found it shocking when she said that she hated you, Horikita.
But I think it's only natural that everyone has people they like and people   they hate.
There's no point being concerned about it.
I mean, you still pretend   to get along well with Kushida-san even though she said she hates you,   right?"   "Hmm.
Well, you may have a point there.
It's true that I hate you, too,   Ayanokouji-kun, yet I talk to you normally.
I don't really mind, then."   "Hey..."   What the heck?
It really hurt when she said it straight out like that."
That's what I'm getting at.
If someone says that they hate another   person, it's fine.
But if someone says that they hate you, don't you feel a little   bad?" she asked."
Were you testing me?"   Horikita started combing her hair in a way that looked rather deliberate."
I don't have any intention of getting in her way, but Kushida-san and I are   like oil and water.
I think it's better not to associate with her."   In other words, she probably wouldn't join a group chat with Kushida   in it."
Why does she even hate you in the first place?" I asked.
They hadn't had much contact since school began.
So when had she   started hating Horikita?
I mean, Kushida said that it was her goal to get along   with everyone in class."
Who knows?
She probably doesn't know that much about me."   That might have been the case.
But even so, I sensed that there was   something between Kushida and Horikita."
If you're that curious, why don't you ask her yourself?
Directly?"   Horikita asked.
That was impossible.
Kushida Kikyou was normally a sweet, angelic   girl, but I had glimpsed a different side to her.
It was difficult to even imagine   when you saw her gentle smile or heard her pleasant tone, but I recalled the   vicious comments she'd spat out.
Horikita probably didn't know about that."
No need.
I'm fine with the Kushida we have now," I said."
What you just said was really disgusting, you know that?"   "Yeah."   Even though I'd spoken the words, I did feel disgusted with myself.
2.
4   After a nice dinner in the dorm cafeteria, I headed back to my room.
There, I took out my phone and checked my remaining balance.
My account   total was displayed on the screen.
I saw that I had 8,320 private points.
It   hadn't changed since this morning.
Considering that we'd started the school   year with 100,000 points, this was an incredibly low amount.
I had nearly   bankrupted myself just to buy the point Sudou needed to pass."
It would be pretty great if we got those 87 points," I muttered.
Converted, the points came to roughly 8700 yen.
Although that wasn't   a giant improvement, it was still big bucks.
As I was playing around on my phone, my door suddenly swung open."
Save me, Ayanokouji!" Sudou stood there, his face beet red."
Why're you here?
Actually, forget that - how did you even get in?"   I'd locked my door when I got back to my room.
I hadn't forgotten,   because I made it a habit.
Had Sudou smashed through the wall or   something?
Just to be sure, I checked my door to see that it wasn't broken.
It   looked completely fine."
This the room where our group meets, isn't it?
Ike and the rest of us   made duplicate keys.
Didn't you know that?
Everyone else in the group has a   key, too."   He spun the keycard around in his hand."
I learned this extremely important fact just now," I grumbled.
It   seemed my room was no longer safe.
People could invade whenever they   pleased."
Anyway, forget about that right now.
I'm in serious trouble!
You have   to help me!" he cried."
No, I can't forget about it.
Hand over the key."   "Huh?
Why?
I bought this with my own points.
It's mine."   What an illogical argument.
Even if you're ignorant of committing a   crime, it's still a crime.
Friendship doesn't mean automatically allowingpeople to do whatever they want."
If you need advice or you're worried about something, why not ask   Ike or Yamauchi?"   "I can't ask them.
They're stupid."   Sudou slid to the floor with a thud."
Buy some carpet, will ya?
My butt hurts," he muttered.
I had no points to waste on interior design.
Even though my room had   seemingly been designated as our group's meeting spot, we hadn't gotten   together once since the party.
Even if I went out and bought a carpet, I'd have   been the only one sitting on it.
Just imagining that was surreal.
As I stood up to make some tea, the doorbell rang.
Kushida, the   Madonna of Class D, poked her head through the entrance.
She looked as   cute as ever.
She saw Sudou, who was still sitting on my floor."
Oh, Sudou-kun's already here," she said."
Hey, Kushida, I want to ask you something.
Do you perhaps have a   duplicate key to my room, too?"   "Yeah, I do.
That's so we can meet up here...
Wait, did you not know   about that, Ayanokouji-kun?"   She took a key card from her bag and showed it to me.
I didn't spot any   differences between her key and mine.
They were exactly the same.
Apparently Kushida thought I'd given permission to make these keys."
Umm, well...
should I return it to you?"   She apologetically handed over her key."
No, it's okay.
There's no point if you're the only one who returns a   key.
Sudou doesn't seem to want to hand his over."   Wasn't it fine for Kushida to have a key, anyway?
I suppose that in the   delusional part of my brain, giving her a key made it feel like she was my   girlfriend.
Men certainly are devious creatures."
Since Kushida came, too, can we move on to the topic at hand?"   Sudou asked."
All right, I guess there's no getting around it.
So, what do you need totalk about?"   It wasn't like I could bluntly turn the two of them away.
Sudou began   talking slowly, wearing a meek expression."
You know how our homeroom teacher called me today?
Well, it's...
Uh...
The truth is...
I may be suspended.
For a long time, actually."   "S-suspended?"   That was unexpected.
Compared to how he'd acted at the start of the   year, Sudou had been rather well behaved lately.
He didn't sleep in class or   talk during lectures, and he was doing well in his club activities."
Did you insult Chabashira-sensei, by any chance?" I asked.
Sudou had been upset when Chabashira-sensei stopped him from going   to basketball practice.
With that in mind, he might've said something   reckless."
That's not it."   "Then what?
Did you grab her by the collar and threaten to kill her or   something?"   "That's not it, either."   Another denial.
I hadn't expected that."
It's probably worse than you're thinking..."   My first two guesses had been pretty serious, so if it was something   worse, then..."
Oh, I got it, Ayanokouji-kun.
He viciously beat Chabashira-sensei and   then he spit on her!" Kushida cried."
That's horrible.
I mean, your wild ideas are way too awful, Kushida!"   "Ha ha, I'm only joking!
Sudou-kun wouldn't go that far."   Even though I expected Sudou to immediately deny what she said, he   seemed shocked by Kushida's joke.
That was proof that something really was   wrong."
What happened?" I asked."
To tell you the truth, I beat up some kids from Class C yesterday.
Then, I got suspended.
The suspension is probably my punishment."   Kushida was also shocked by Sudou's words.
She shot me a look.
I   couldn't immediately process the fact that Sudou had gotten himself into   trouble again."
You beat them up?
So, uh, why did you do that?" I asked."
Just so you know, it wasn't my fault, okay?
The jerks in Class C   started it and tried to pick a fight with me.
I just responded to the situation   and turned the tables on them.
Then they said that I started the fight.
They're   a bunch of liars."   Sudou still hadn't quite collected his thoughts.
While I understood the   gist of what he was saying, I still didn't know the fight's details or how it   started."
Just wait a minute, Sudou-kun.
Can you please start over, and go a bit   more slowly?" Kushida encouraged him to calm down and tried to get him to   tell us the story."
Sorry, I guess I just kind of skipped to the end and left a lot out."   Sudou took a deep breath and started over."
I was talking with the club advisor about being a regular for the   summer tournament."   I'd heard that Sudou was good at basketball, but I hadn't expected him   to become a regular already."
A regular player?
That's amazing, Sudou-kun!
Congratulations!"   "Well, nothing's set in stone yet.
It's just a possibility for now."   "Still, that's amazing.
We've only just started school."   "Yeah, I suppose.
Actually, I was the only first-year student nominated   to be a regular player.
Still, it's not like it's definite.
Anyway, when I was on   my way back to the dorm, Komiya and Kondou, who're in the basketball club   with me, called me over to the special building.
They said they wanted to talk   to me about something.
I could've just ignored them, but I mean, I   occasionally talk to those two guys during basketball.
I thought it'd be better   to just hear them out.
So of course, I went to meet with them, right?
Then,   there was this Ishizaki guy there, waiting for me.
He's Komiya and Kondou'sfriend.
They said that they couldn't stand that someone like me from Class D   had been chosen as a regular.
They threatened me, and said to quit basketball   or there'd be a lot of pain in my future.
I refused to quit, I beat them up, and   now I'm here."   It was a rather hurried explanation, but I got the gist.
Apparently Sudou   was satisfied with his story."
So then they painted you as the bad guy, Sudou-kun."   Sudou-kun nodded, an exasperated look still on his face.
So the   students in Class C had started the whole thing, and when their attempt to   threaten Sudou had failed, they'd resorted to force.
In other words, an act of   violence.
However, Sudou was an experienced fighter, so he'd managed to   completely overwhelm them without breaking a sweat.
Of course, they'd   been injured.
Since there was no evidence of what had happened, they'd lied   the next day and told school officials that Sudou had beaten them up for no   reason."
If Class C started this, then Sudou-kun isn't at fault."   "Right?
I seriously don't get this.
I can't believe that teacher, either!"   "We should tell Chabashira-sensei tomorrow.
We should tell her it   wasn't Sudou-kun's fault," Kushida said.
Things probably wouldn't be so simple.
Sudou must have already told   the school what he'd just told us.
But because he lacked clear evidence to   support his claim, the school might still decide to punish him."
Sudou, what did the school say when they heard what happened?"   "They said they would give me until next Tuesday to come up with   proof.
If I can't do that, they'll say I'm at fault and I'll be suspended until   summer.
On top of that, the whole class will lose points, too."   Apparently the school had decided to wait for evidence.
However,   Sudou appeared more worried about his basketball dreams than his   suspension, or our class's loss of points.
I guess he couldn't bear the thought   of his youth being squandered."
What should I do?"   "Sudou-kun, you didn't lie to the teacher, did you?
I mean, it seems   strange.
They didn't believe you even though you said you didn't do anythingwrong.
Right?"   I felt bad for Kushida.
She looked to me for affirmation, but I couldn't   respond the way she wanted."
Well, I wonder about that.
I don't think it's quite that simple."   "What do you mean, you wonder?
You're not doubting me, are you?"   "Well, the school doesn't trust you, right?
It wouldn't be that odd for   someone in your class, like Kushida, for instance, to support you even if   you're lying.
After all, they don't want their points to go down."   "Well...
you might be right about that, I suppose."   Our current troubles wouldn't be resolved merely by discovering   who'd started it.
Perhaps those three students might face a one-week   suspension themselves, as punishment.
Those three guys had claimed they   were beaten up.
Without ironclad proof that Sudou wasn't at fault, he would   definitely be punished.
That meant only one thing."
Even if the other party is at fault, it's still highly likely that Sudou will   take some of the blame."   "Huh?
Why?
It was legitimate self-defense, wasn't it?
Huh?!"   Sudou, clearly unable to understand, smacked the table.
Kushida's   shoulders stiffened in response."
I'm sorry, I just got a little mad." After seeing Kushida's frightened   expression, Sudou sheepishly apologized."
But...
why would Sudou-kun still take some of the blame?"   "Sudou hit them, but they didn't hit Sudou.
I think that's a big part of   it.
In such a case, claiming it as legitimate self-defense is difficult.
Had they   come at you with a knife or a metal bat, I think things would have been quite   different.
Self-defense means that you have the right to defend yourself   against sudden, dangerous attacks made against your person.
So, I don't think   we can really claim that this was self-defense."   How much consideration would be given in this situation?"
I-I don't understand, though.
I was up against three people.
Three!
That seems plenty dangerous."   They'd likely take the number of people into account, but this was adelicate case.
If the school were willing to place more weight on the number   of people who'd attacked, Sudou could be declared innocent.
However, it   was dangerous to be optimistic."
I think the school might have offered an extension because they found   it difficult to make a judgment at this time."   As for the current proof, the key was in the injuries Sudou had given   those three other students."
I guess that their plan is to severely punish Sudou for punching them,   huh?" Kushida said."
Whoever reported it first has the advantage.
The victim's testimony   can work as evidence."   "I still don't get it.
I'm the victim here!
Being suspended isn't some   kind of joke!
If I'm punished for this, forget being a regular player.
I won't   even be able to play in the tournament!"   Those Class C students had purposefully allowed Sudou to beat them   up in order to crush him.
They wanted to destroy Sudou's chances of   becoming a regular, even if that meant they might face some restrictions of   their own.
That was what I imagined their plan to be, anyway."
Let's just come out and ask those three Class C students to be honest.
If they feel like what they did was wrong, then surely they'd feel guilty about   it.
Right?"   "Those guys aren't idiots.
They won't be honest.
Goddamn it, I won't   ever forgive them!
Those damn nobodies!"   Sudou picked up a ballpoint pen from the table and, with a loud crack,   snapped it in two.
I understood that his blood was boiling, but that was my   pen..."
If trying to explain the situation won't work, then we'll need to find   ironclad proof," I said."
Yeah.
It would be nice if there was evidence that proved Sudou-kun   wasn't to blame."   That'd be very nice, because then our suffering would end.
However,   Sudou didn't deny anything.
He looked like he was deep in thought.
"There might be something, though.
This might just be a   misunderstanding on my part, but when I was fighting those guys I felt   something...
odd.
Like someone was nearby, watching me."   He didn't sound entirely confident."
So there might be an eyewitness?" I asked."
Yeah, I think so.
I don't have proof anyone was there, though."   An eyewitness.
Hmm.
If someone had seen everything, then that'd be   great news for us.
However, depending on how things went, it might drive   Sudou further into a corner.
For example, if the witness only saw the   aftermath of their fight, that might spell Sudou's end."
What should I do?" he asked.
Sudou buried his head in his hand.
Kushida broke the heavy silence."
There are two ways we can prove your innocence, Sudou-kun.
The   first way is to simply get those boys in Class C to admit that they lied.
Since   you weren't at fault, it's probably best to get them to acknowledge that."   That was absurdly idealistic."
Like I already said, that's impossible.
They won't admit they lied."   Like Sudou said, if they confessed to lying just to get someone else in   trouble, they'd probably end up getting suspended themselves."
The other idea is to find the eyewitness you talked about, Sudou-kun.
If someone happened to see the fight, then we should be able to get to the   heart of the matter."   Well, that was probably our only realistic plan."
So, how do you intend to look for this eyewitness?"   "Asking people one by one?
Or we could simply address each class as   a whole," Kushida said."
It would be great if someone just stepped forward, but..."   Since we'd been talking for quite some time, I started rummaging   through the cupboard.
I took out the instant coffee and tea packets that I'd   bought at the school convenience store.
Sudou wasn't really a fan of coffee,   though.
After preparing a kettle of hot water, I put everything on the table.
"This might sound kind of shameless, but...
can you guys not tell   anyone about this?" Sudou asked sheepishly.
He took a cup and started   blowing on it to cool it off."
H-huh?
You don't want us to tell anyone?" Kushida asked."
If word gets out, it'll definitely get around to the basketball team.
I   don't want that to happen.
You understand, right?"   "Sudou, even then, I-"   "Please understand, Ayanokouji.
If I can't play basketball, I have   nothing," Sudou pleaded, placing his hands on my shoulders.
Even if word didn't get out, this wasn't going to stay contained.
If   people found out that Sudou had used violence, they most likely wouldn't   accept him on the team."
But won't the students in Class C talk about how Sudou-kun was   violent?
I mean, that would work in their favor, I'd think."   That's exactly what I was thinking.
It wouldn't be strange for them to   talk about it amongst themselves, since that helped them and would hurt us.
Sudou buried his head in his hands once again, as if to say "Seriously?!"   "What if word already got out?"   "No, at this stage it's probably only being discussed by the school and   the people involved."   "Why do you think that?" Sudou asked."
If those guys in Class C had intended to spread rumors, we probably   would've heard about it already."   Representatives from the school had received a report and called Sudou   in after class.
There hadn't been any word about the incident this afternoon.
At the very least, word probably hadn't spread much."
So you think we're safe for now?"   How long would that last, though?
Even if the school issued a gag   order, word would eventually manage to get out.
Before long, it'd spread.
Right now, the only thing I could say with certainty was-   "Sudou-kun, I think it would be better if you kept your distance,"   Kushida said.
She seemed to understand everything."
Yeah.
It wouldn't be good if the accused tried anything," I replied,   agreeing with Kushida."
But, if I dump this on you guys-"   "I don't think it's being dumped on us.
We want you to rely on us,   Sudou-kun.
I don't know how much we can do, but we'll try our best.
Okay?" Kushida said."
All right.
I know this is a bother for you guys, but I'll leave it to you."   He seemed to understand that he'd only complicate things by getting   involved."
Well, we'll head back to our rooms.
I'm sorry for barging in here."   "Don't worry about it.
I just think it's weird that you made duplicate   keys."   Sudou slid the key back into his pocket; he wasn't going to return it.
Maybe I should put a chain lock on my door."
See you tomorrow, Kushida."   "Yeah, bye-bye, Sudou-kun."   Sudou-kun left with a somewhat sad look on his face.
His room was   only a few doors down."
Well.
Aren't you heading back, Kushida?" I asked."
I have a few things I wanted to talk to you about, Ayanokouji-kun.
You didn't seem very enthusiastic about helping Sudou-kun."   As Kushida looked up at me with uneasy eyes, I had the sudden urge to   embrace her.
I stretched my back out and tried to shake those thoughts."
There's just not much I can do.
I mean, I can only really respond to   Sudou's story.
If it were Horikita or Hirata here, they'd probably be able to   give expert advice."   "Maybe, but Sudou-kun came to you, Ayanokouji-kun.
He came to you   before Horikita-san, Hirata-kun, or even Ike-kun."   "I don't know if I should be happy about that or not.""Hmm."   For an instant, Kushida's glare turned icy, which perplexed me.
I   remembered that Kushida once directly told me that she hated me.
She   always wore a gentle smile, so I occasionally forgot about that.
But I might   get burned if I forgot about it entirely."
I think it might be better if you made more effort to blend in,   Ayanokouji-kun," she said."
I'm trying, more or less.
I just haven't been able to.
Like right now, I   didn't have the guts to promise that I'd help."   She didn't share my anxiety about eating alone during lunchtime.
Still,   Kushida probably understood how I felt."
Kushida, you're going to help, aren't you?"   "Of course.
We're friends.
So what will you do, Ayanokouji-kun?"   "Remember when I said it'd be better to talk with Horikita or Hirata?
Well, Sudou hates Hirata, so that makes Horikita the obvious choice."   Though I doubted even Horikita could come up with a good enough   plan to resolve this issue."
Do you think Horikita-san will help us?"   "Don't know.
We'll have to ask and find out.
I don't think she'll just   quietly stand by and watch as Class D collapses.
Probably."   I lacked conviction.
After all, this was Horikita we were talking about."
I know that you're trying to dodge the question, but you'll help, too.
Won't you, Ayanokouji-kun?"   I thought I'd managed to steer the conversation in another direction,   but Kushida quickly brought it back."
Is it okay if I'm useless?"   "You won't be useless.
I'm sure you'll be useful, somehow."   She didn't clearly state how I'd be useful, though."
So what should we do?
Sudou-kun said that it wouldn't help, but I   think it'd be good to talk with the three students he fought.
To tell you the   truth, I'm friends with Komiya-kun and the others.
Therefore, it might bepossible to persuade them.
Hmm, it may be dangerous, though."   Kushida couldn't dismiss the idea of a conversation."
It's risky.
Aside from the question of who started the fight, those three   reported it to the school.
That means they have the upper hand.
Also, I just   don't think it would work, since they started it."   Getting them to admit they lied to the school wouldn't be easy.
If the   school found out, Class C would face a severe penalty.
They wouldn't do   something so foolish."
Well then, I guess looking for the eyewitness is our best bet."   That would probably be just as difficult as persuading those three to tell   the truth.
Without any details to go on, finding the eyewitness would be next   to impossible.
Going around asking, "Did you see anything?" would be a   waste of time and effort.
No matter how much I thought about it, I couldn't come up with any   solutions.
Please view the Illustration.
Chapter 3:   Weak Point   The bad news just kept coming.
During homeroom the following   morning, as Chabashira-sensei was about to leave, she assaulted us with one   of her infamously brief and off-hand announcements."
I have an announcement for you all.
There was a bit of trouble the   other day, an incident between the student sitting there, Sudou, and some   students from Class C.
In short, there was a fight."   The classroom erupted.
Depending on the degree of responsibility that   Class C saddled him with, Sudou could face suspension, and we might see a   reduction in our class points.
Chabashira-sensei laid the whole situation bare   for the class.
Her face was so devoid of emotion or interest when she spoke   that there was a certain serene beauty to it.
She inserted no personal bias   whatsoever when she addressed the class, and explained the situation from a   position of neutrality."
Umm.
So why hasn't this issue been resolved already?" Hirata asked a   rather reasonable question."
The complaint came from Class C.
They claim that the fight was one-   sided.
However, when we spoke to the accused, Sudou said that their claims   were false.
He insists that the students Class C called him over and started the   fight."   "It wasn't my fault!
It was self-defense!
Self-defense, I tell you!"   shouted Sudou as he shouldered his classmates' icy glares."
But there's no evidence of that.
Am I wrong?"   "What evidence?
I don't have any."   "So in other words, we don't yet know the truth.
Therefore, we have   put our decision on hold for now.
Our response, and the punishment, will   come when we find out who was at fault."   "All I know is that I'm innocent.
If anything, I ought to receive a   settlement for my trouble.""So speaks the accused, but I wouldn't say that you have a high level   of credibility right now.
If there is an eyewitness, as Sudou seems to believe,   then the situation may change.
If anyone here witnessed the fight, please raise   your hand."   Chabashira-sensei continued talking in a robotic, flat voice.
No   students raised their hands in response to her question."
Too bad, Sudou.
It appears there are no witnesses in this class."   "Looks that way," he grumbled.
When Chabashira-sensei cast a doubtful look at Sudou, he glanced   downward."
In order to check for witnesses, every teacher will inform their classes   of the details of this incident."   "Huh?!
You're telling everyone?!"   The school probably had no say in the matter.
Because Sudou had   insisted it was a false charge and brought up a potential witness, the school   had to be sure.
For Sudou, who had hoped to hide the situation, none of this   was good."
Damn it!"   Sudou's plan had already fallen apart."
Anyway, that is all.
We'll make our final judgment next Tuesday,   taking into account any eyewitnesses and evidence.
With that, let's end   homeroom for the day."   Chabashira-sensei left, and Sudou followed right after her.
He probably   realized that if he stayed in the classroom, he'd lose his temper with   someone."
Man, isn't Sudou just the worst?" Ike was the first to talk."
If we lose points because of Sudou, will we be at zero again this   month?"   As uproar enveloped the classroom, and things started to get out of   hand.
If we ended up losing points because of this, Sudou would most likely   become the sole target of our class's frustrations.
Naturally, Kushida didn't   want this to happen.
"Everyone, can you please listen to what I have to say?" Kushida stood   and tried to silence the commotion."
What our teacher said seems to be true.
Sudou-kun may have been in   a fight.
However, Sudou-kun was dragged into it."   "Kushida-chan, what do you mean?
Do you believe Sudou?"   Kushida conveyed yesterday's story to the whole class.
She told them   how Sudou had been chosen as a candidate to play regularly on the basketball   team.
She also described how some students in the basketball club were   envious of Sudou, and how they'd called Sudou out and threatened him in   order to make him leave the team.
She also explained that Sudou, acting in   self-defense, had punched their lights out.
Most of the class listened to Kushida's heartfelt words in silence.
If   Sudou or I had tried to explain the situation in the same manner, we probably   wouldn't have been nearly as effective.
However, not everyone in class easily   believed the story.
Sudou's typically poor behavior made it difficult to   swallow, no matter how reasonable it sounded."
I'd like to ask you all again.
If anyone knows someone who saw what   happened, whether it's someone in class, a friend, or an upperclassman,   please tell me.
You can contact me at any time.
I would sincerely appreciate   it."   Even though she'd basically said the same thing as Chabashira-sensei,   the class had a very different response.
She had an innate ability to connect   with people.
Her presence glowed so bright that I could almost feel it.
Instantly, silence enveloped the classroom.
The first to speak wasn't   the eyewitness, but Yamauchi."
Hey, Kushida-chan.
I just can't believe what Sudou said.
I think he   lied so he could justify what he did.
He talked about beating up kids all the   time in junior high.
He even told us how much fun it was to beat people up."   After Yamauchi voiced his concerns, the rest of the class murmured   their dissatisfaction with Sudou in turn."
I saw him grab some kid by the collar just because they bumped into   each other in the hallway."   "I saw him cut in line in the cafeteria and lash out when someone triedto tell him that wasn't okay."   Kushida's appeal for Sudou's innocence didn't seem to have reached   anyone.
They'd already hung Sudou out to dry, because he was probably   going to lose them their hard-earned points."
I want to believe him."   Hirata, the class hero, uttered those words as he stood in support of   Kushida.
His appearance was dashing, and he clearly wasn't drunk on the   same anti-Sudou Kool-Aid as everyone else."
If a student in another class were casting doubt on him, I could   understand it," Hirata said."
But I think it's wrong to doubt a fellow   classmate right away.
Shouldn't friends do everything within their power to   help someone in need?"   "I agree!"   Karuizawa, heroic Hirata's girlfriend, called out in agreement, brushing   her bangs aside with her hand as she spoke."
If it were a false charge, that'd be a problem, wouldn't it?
In any case,   you'd feel bad for him if he were innocent, right?"   If Kushida lived by the softness of her heart, then Karuizawa lived by   the strength of her will.
Perhaps it was because of Kushida and Karuizawa's   influence that many of the girls started to express their support.
This was typical of Japanese people.
They would follow suit when   someone took the lead.
Though they probably mocked him in their hearts,   they would help Sudou a little bit.
Sudou's critics stopped, at least for the   time being.
Hirata, Kushida, and Karuizawa had attracted the rest of our   class's admiration."
I'll try asking my friends!"   "Well then, I'll try asking the upperclassmen I know in the soccer   club!"   "I'll ask around, too."   Starting with those three, we launched our investigation to prove   Sudou's innocence.
Well, I guessed I didn't have to take a turn.
I wouldn't be   any good at this, anyway.
Better to just leave it to them and fade out quietly.
3.
1   "I planned to fade out...
But..."   Lunch.
For some reason, I'd gotten mixed up with our usual group in   the cafeteria.
Our group consisted of myself, Kushida, Horikita, Ike,   Yamauchi, and Sudou.
There was no getting around it.
When lunchtime   came, Kushida had invited me with a smile.
She'd said, "Want to get lunch?"   I'd said okay, of course.
I mean, I didn't have any choice in the matter."
You seem to get yourself into trouble time and time again, Sudou-   kun."   Horikita gave an exasperated sigh.
Naturally, we were discussing how   to prove Sudou's innocence."
Well, guess we don't have much choice.
As your friends, we'll help   you out, Sudou." Although Ike had been against Sudou in the beginning, his   attitude had completely changed.
That was definitely because Kushida had   appealed to him and asked him to help.
Ignorant of Ike's true feelings on the   matter, Sudou still apologized."
I'm sorry, Horikita.
I've caused trouble for you again.
But it really   wasn't my fault this time.
All I did was blow up those Class C jerks' plans."   Sudou spoke to Horikita with indifference, almost as if he were   describing someone else's problems."
Sorry, but I don't feel like helping you this time." Horikita flatly   refused Sudou's pleas for help."
For Class D to rise through the ranks, it's   important to recover the class points we lost as quickly as possible.
However,   we probably won't get any points now, thanks to you.
You hindered those   plans."   "Wait.
You might be right about that, but I'm not the one at fault here!
Those guys picked a fight with me!
What part of that is my fault?"   "You keep focusing on who started the fight, but that's a trivial detail.
Did you never consider that?"   "What's trivial about it?
It makes all the difference!
I didn't do   anything wrong!""Is that so?
Well, best of luck to you."   Horikita picked up her untouched tray and stood."
So you're not gonna help?
I thought we were friends!"   "Don't make me laugh.
I've never once considered you a friend.
Nothing makes me more uncomfortable than being around someone who   doesn't recognize his own stupidity.
Goodbye."   Horikita appeared more exasperated than angry.
She let out a deep   sigh, and left."
What the hell is her deal?!
Goddamn it!"   Unable to direct his rage anywhere else, Sudou slammed his fists on   the cafeteria table, spilling a nearby student's miso soup.
The student glared,   but when he saw how scary Sudou looked, he remained silent.
Yep.
I could   understand that feeling pretty well."
I guess it's just up to us."   "I knew for sure you'd understand, Yamauchi.
I'm really counting on   you too, Ayanokouji."   Apparently I was second to Yamauchi, judging by the "too." Well, I   guess I didn't find that particularly surprising."
Even if you ask me to help, you do know that there's not much I can   do, right?"   My self-deprecation was apparently ineffective."
You've been like that since yesterday, Ayanokouji-kun.
Won't you   say something, Ike-kun?"   "Well, I...
I mean, it's certainly odd that Ayanokouji thinks he's not   going be useful.
At least him being there is better than not, I guess?
Probably?"   Just as expected, Ike couldn't come up with how I'd be useful.
I looked   over at Kushida smugly.
It was like I was showing off a talentless person's   power."
This is a little disheartening.
I thought that preparing for that test   together brought us all a bit closer," said a disappointed Ike.
I watched Horikita sit down further away, looking slightly irritated."
I don't understand Horikita at all.
What's her deal, Ayanokouji?
Why   is she acting like that?"   I had no idea how to answer.
Did they think I was her user manual?
I   took a huge mouthful of rice to avoid the question."
It's pretty weird, though.
Horikita wants to get to Class A, right?
Saving Sudou-kun means we'd get more points, so why wouldn't she help?"   "Is it because she hates Sudou?
I mean, she just said she didn't   consider him a friend."   Disliking Sudou probably wasn't the reason.
But everyone seemed to   have misunderstood the situation.
They thought she wouldn't help because of   personal reasons."
I don't really want to think about it, but I guess it might be true."   "Kushida, Horikita is..."   Unthinking, words started spilling out of my mouth.
Kushida looked at   me, her interest piqued."
Horikita-san is...?" she asked."
Ah.
Well, this might not be relevant, but I'd like to say something.
I   think that Horikita usually speaks in a rather brusque manner.
But I think...
that you guys misunderstand her."   "Huh?
What do you mean?"   "I think that she wouldn't help without any reason to do so."   "Wait, what are you talking about?
You keep saying I think over and   over.
Are you just guessing?" Sudou abruptly cut into the conversation.
Since   Horikita was definitely on his mind, he probably wasn't too pleased about her   rejection.
It wasn't difficult to explain, but how to go about it?
Horikita   probably realized something when the teacher told us about the incident.
This   incident had happened for a reason.
And the ending that Horikita saw...
Well, the possibility of a happy ending was almost nonexistent.
After   realizing that, she'd probably been cold towards Sudou on purpose.
However,   if I told them that now, they'd probably become discouraged.
It would only   lead to bad things.
Since I couldn't figure out how the discussion would go, Iwas hesitant to explain.
Horikita probably hadn't wanted to crush their spirits, so she'd left."
Well...
Yeah, I'm just guessing like you said, Sudou."   "So what?
You don't have a reason?"   "Horikita is smart, right?
So I think she probably had some idea."   "What idea?
To toss me out like the trash?"   "Whoa, hold on.
Let's not criticize anyone.
It's only natural that   Ayanokouji-kun would stick up for Horikita-chan, since they're together all   the time.
She's important to him, right?"   Ike wore a mischievous, spiteful grin.
It was like he was mocking me.
Sudou grew increasingly irritated, and clicked his tongue before reaching for   his food."
Well, it'd be great if a witness stepped forward.
The teachers are   going around and talking to each class about the incident.
When they do find   someone, things should get settled quickly."   I understood the wishful thinking, but would it really be that easy?
To be honest, we faced a mountainous hurdle.
It wasn't unreasonable   for Horikita to throw in the towel.
Besides, even if there had been a witness,   it'd be checkmate for us if that witness happened to come from Class C.
It   would be natural for a Class C student to hide the truth in order to protect his   or her fellow classmates.
This school was a hierarchy, after all.
It was   unlikely that an individual's guilty feelings would outweigh the   disadvantages of their class.
Even if the witness came from a different class, the problem would be   how much he or she saw.
If the eyewitness had seen the whole event from a   completely neutral perspective, then that would be a different story.
But..."
Ah, sorry.
I have to go for a bit.
I'm going to try asking my   upperclassmen friends if they saw anything."   With that, Kushida rose from her seat."
You're trying your absolute hardest for someone like Sudou, Kushida-   chan.
That's so cute." Ike, completely enchanted, remained transfixed on   Kushida's backside as she walked away.
"I should seriously confess my feelings for Kushida-chan..." he   murmured."
No way.
You seriously think she'll stoop to your level, Ike?"   Yamauchi said."
I have a better chance than you."   There wasn't much difference between them."
If I dated Kushida-chan...
Ahhhhhh...."   Ike began to lose himself in fantasies, drooling.
He was most likely   thinking about rather indecent things."
Hey.
Why are you fantasizing about my Kushida-chan like that?"   "N-no, I'm not..." he said, but he looked love-struck."
H-hey, what are you fantasizing about?!
Spill it!" Apparently   Yamauchi couldn't stand the fact that Ike could do as he pleased in his   fantasies."
What do you mean, what am I fantasizing about?
Obviously, I'm   thinking about cuddling her.
Naked."   Apparently he was able to envision the scene thanks to the power of   male delusions, or something.
Please view the Illustration.
"Damn it!
I won't be outdone!
I've also thought of a few things!"   This wasn't exactly ethical."
Stop it.
Don't touch my Kushida-chan with your filthy hands!"   In some ways, I felt a little sorry for Kushida.
She was most likely the   subject of their nightly fantasies."
I think the best thing about high school is the girls, after all.
I   seriously want to get a girlfriend sometime soon.
If I get myself a girlfriend   by this summer, then I can go to the pool with her!
That would be the best!"   "It would be best if Kushida-chan were my girlfriend...
It would be the   best if she were my girlfriend..."   Yamauchi said it twice.
It must've been important to him."
But wait.
Since Kushida-chan is so cute, don't you think she'll get a   boyfriend any day now?"   "Don't say that, Yamauchi!
Besides, it doesn't look like she has one   yet, so we don't have to worry," replied Ike with confidence, though it   seemed more like he was trying to reassure himself."
Do you want to know?
I bet you both want to know."   "Know what?
What do I want to know, Ike?
Tell us."   Ike whipped out his phone with an air of unavoidable weariness."
You can track your registered friends' locations on your school   phones."   Ike searched for Kushida's present location.
Shortly afterward, details   about her position were displayed on the screen.
A marker appeared on the   cafeteria."
I check regularly, even on the weekends.
I pretend to run into her by   chance.
I do that to make sure she doesn't have a boyfriend yet."   He crossed his arms and wore a confident smile.
What he was doing   sounded just like stalking.
Another step forward and it would be appropriate   to involve the police."
Realistically, Kushida-chan is just out of our reach.
She wouldn't   stoop to our level.
But what if I aimed for one rank below her?""Yeah.
Well, I couldn't have an ugly girlfriend."   "Yeah, when I think about us walking together side-by-side...
She's   gotta be at least a 7 outta 10."   I guess Ike and Yamauchi both really wanted girlfriends.
Their   fantasies might have been delusional, but they couldn't give up on their high   hopes."
Ayanokouji, do you want a girlfriend?"   "Yeah, I guess.
If it were possible."   If I had a girlfriend, I probably wouldn't suffer so much."
Just to be sure, there's really nothing between you and Horikita?"   Sudou thrust his chopsticks towards me as he asked that question."
Nope."   "Really?"   He pressed again, almost like he didn't believe me.
I shook my head   emphatically."
Okay, fine then.
I guess I misunderstood.
I thought you were clinging   to her too much.
That'd be a bother for Horikita."   I didn't recall clinging.
Especially not to Horikita."
Are you really okay with Horikita, though?
I mean, she's cute and all,   but...
she seems kind of boring, you know?
I can't stand someone as dull as   her.
She wouldn't want to go to the pool or go out on a date or anything," Ike   said."
You guys don't know anything.
Horikita is hands down better than   Kushida, anyway." Sudou crossed his arms and nodded, boasting about his   personal preferences."
I mean, if it was any other guy, she'd probably turn   them down.
But if you were her boyfriend, then it'd be okay, right?
Then   she'd show you a secret side that no one else gets to see."   "I see...
I feel like I can imagine that.
So cute."   Yamauchi glanced at Horikita and got lost in his delusional fantasies."
But the Horikita of your dreams seems to have tossed you aside,   Sudou.""Well, I guess so.
Damn it!
Now I feel all depressed."   "Well, I don't really have anything to say.
The number of rivals for   Kushida-chan just decreased by one."   Ike was multitasking, keeping a lookout for those 7 out of 10 girls   while keeping Kushida as his primary target."
So Ayanokouji, if nothing's happening with Horikita, is there anyone   you like?
I mean, Sudou likes Horikita, and Yamauchi likes Kushida-chan.
You gotta take stock of your rival's targets, after all."   "Anyone..."   Nobody really came to mind.
I tried to seriously think about it for just a   little bit.
If I had to choose someone, I probably would have picked...
Kushida?
She was the person I talked to the most, so that was only natural.
But knowing that she didn't like me, I couldn't really imagine things   progressing."
Nope, no one," I answered.
However, Ike and Yamauchi looked at me doubtfully."
Do you really think there's a guy out there who doesn't have a crush   on a girl?"   "No way.
That guy doesn't exist.
Don't hide the truth from us,   Ayanokouji."   "Unlike you guys, I don't really know any girls apart from Horikita and   Kushida."   "Well, I guess you're probably right.
I haven't seen you talk to other   girls."   I found it rather depressing that they were so convinced."
Let's introduce you to some girls!" Ike put his arm around my   shoulder and spoke with confidence."
Isn't it kind of pathetic that you're trying to introduce me to girls   when you don't have a girlfriend yourself?"   "W-well...
yeah."   "Hey, Sae-chan-sensei said that we'd have a vacation this summer,right?
I'll definitely get myself a girlfriend then.
Kushida-chan, if possible.
Or some other cute girl I haven't seen yet!"   "Me too, me too!
Even if she's the lowest of the low, I'll get myself a   girl...
and then I'll enjoy that lovey-dovey high school life!"   "When should I confess my feelings to Horikita?"   The three of them freely talked about the objects of their affection."
We should have a contest to see who can get a girlfriend first.
The   winner will have to treat everyone to a meal!
Sound good?"   I wondered if participating in such a shameless competition would   actually make me their friend.
It sounded difficult."
What's up, Ayanokouji?
You're not really thinking about skipping out   on this contest, are you?" Ike said."
No, I just wondered why the first person to get a girlfriend has to treat   everyone else."   "Well, it's like this.
Think of it as sort of an Envy Tax on the guy.
Get   it?"   "A guy is happy when he has a girlfriend.
Since he's happy, he happily   treats people to stuff."   Although it was fine for them to get all excited, Sudou's problem still   hadn't been resolved.
3.
2   After school, the class divided into groups to meet up with people   and ask around.
However, there weren't that many helping to search for an   eyewitness.
Hirata and Karuizawa led the Hero & Gal Team, while Kushida   led the Beautiful Girl & Entourage Team.
They intended to search the   campus themselves.
Even so, it'd be difficult to get results in such a short   span of time.
There were around 400 students in this school.
Even if you left out   everyone from class 1-D, it wouldn't make a big difference.
Finding   everyone would still be difficult even if you included break times, lunch,   after class, and early morning."
All right, I'm going to the dorms."   "Are you really heading back?
Horikita-san?"   Horikita nodded without hesitation, and promptly left the classroom,   just as one would expect.
She didn't quail under everyone's gazes, which all   expressed variations on "You're leaving?" She would probably grow up to be   a fierce woman, the type that leaves social outings without reading the room   and concludes meetings exactly on time."
Well then..."   If Horikita's tactic was to stride out of the classroom with confidence,   mine was the opposite.
I tried to slip into the shadows."
Ayanokouji-kun."   I had tried to exit stealthily through the classroom.
I'd tried to be swift   as a ninja, but had been discovered.
Kushida stopped me in my tracks, a   slight hint of unease in her voice."
What?
Do you need something?" I asked.
I'm sorry, Kushida.
I'm going to steel my heart and refuse your   invitation.
And then I'll go back to the dorms."
You will...
help us out, won't you?" she asked."
Of course."I couldn't refuse.
Slightly upturned eyes + pleading = lethal.
I couldn't   help but feel like Kushida was controlling me.
Irresistible.
No matter how   someone might resolve not to fall asleep, for example, they would still drift   away after 24 to 48 hours, tops.
Sooner or later, no matter the person's   willpower, they'd exhaust themselves.
In other words, everyone has their   breaking point.
It's a human mechanism.
After I was done excusing myself, Kushida made a suggestion."
I want to get Horikita-san to help us out this time.
Can you try asking   her again?"   "But she already left."   They'd failed to stop her mere moments before.
Was it already time for   revenge?"
Yeah.
I want to chase after her.
If Horikita-san helps, I think she'll   make a big difference."   "Well, I can't argue with you there."   "If we take the time to convince her, do you think we'll have a   chance?"   If she wanted to try again, I didn't really have a right to stop her.
I   nodded."
Ike-kun, Yamauchi-kun, could you two please wait here?
We'll be   back right away," Kushida said."
Okay!" the boys chorused.
You certainly couldn't claim those two were friendly with Horikita.
Kushida seemed to notice that."
Let's go."   Kushida took my arm, and we left together.
What in the world was this   unprecedented feeling of elation?
For some reason, I thought I heard Ike and   Yamauchi angrily yelling at me, but it must've been my imagination.
Heh.
By the time we'd made it to the building's entrance, Horikita was   nowhere to be found.
I thought she'd probably left.
She wasn't the type to   stop for anything, so she probably headed straight towards the dorms.
I made   my way past students putting on their shoes, getting ready to go home.
Mostpeople strolled in groups of two or more as they headed back, but I glimpsed   a lone figure walking with confidence.
It was Horikita."
Horikita-san."   I hesitated, but Horikita responded at once."
What is it?"   Apparently she hadn't thought we'd chase after her.
She turned,   looking surprised."
I really want you to help us with Sudou's case.
Is that possible?"   "I thought I already declined?
A few minutes ago, no less." Horikita   shrugged, as if expressing how idiotic she found us."
I know you did, but...
but, I think this is necessary to reach Class A."   "Necessary to reach Class A, hmm?"   Horikita looked unconvinced.
She didn't seem to be listening to   Kushida."
You're free to run about for Sudou-kun's sake.
I've no right to stop   you.
However, if you need help, try someone else.
I'm busy," Horikita said."
Busy?
But everyone else is busy with Sudou's case right now," I   blurted out, earning a glare from Horikita.
Her eyes seemed to say, Why are you still talking?"
I have an important daily routine, so I need my alone time.
It's   unpleasant to have that time stolen from me."   Just the answer I would expect from an unabashed misanthrope.
If   she'd simply said she didn't like spending time with other people, that   would've sounded like an excuse."
Even if I step in and save him now, he'll land himself in trouble again.
It's a vicious cycle, isn't it?
You seem to think that Sudou-kun is the victim   here, but I think differently."   "Huh?
But isn't Sudou-kun the victim?
Besides, it would be bad if he   were lying." Kushida didn't seem to understand Horikita's meaning."
Maybe the Class C students really did start this fight, but Sudou-kun   was also one of the perpetrators.""W-wait.
What do you mean?
Wasn't Sudou-kun dragged into the   fight?"   Horikita slowly turned her gaze towards me, her expression saying   good grief.
No, I didn't say anything.
I averted my eyes as if trying to escape.
After a silent moment, Horikita spoke in an exasperated voice."
Why was he dragged into the fight?
This problem will persist until we   understand that fundamental question.
Got it?
I do not wish to help until that   question is answered.
Since you weren't able to convince me, why don't you   ask the guy standing next to you?
Even though he pretends not to understand   what I'm thinking, he probably does."   Please stop saying that I understand you.
Kushida looked at me, unable   to hide her confusion.
Her expression seemed to ask what I knew.
Come on,   Horikita, don't say anything unnecessary...
Horikita began to walk off, indicating that the rest was up to me.
Kushida seemed to have finally listened to Horikita, and stopped chasing   after her."
Sudou-kun is a perpetrator?
Is that...
true?" she asked.
Please view the Illustration.
Kushida turned to me, as if asking me to save him again.
Since   Horikita had revealed that I was feigning ignorance, things were probably   going to be a pain in the butt.
Besides, I'd gladly give Kushida my bank PIN if   she asked for it with such a cute expression."
I understand a little of what Horikita meant.
At the very least, Sudou   does share some fault in this case.
He's the type who gets angry easily, right?
Whenever he's faced with someone he doesn't like, he lashes out, and speaks   and acts in an aggressive, domineering way.
When I heard he was being   considered for a regular spot on the basketball team, I was both surprised and   impressed.
No one disagrees that he's an incredible player, but if he acts so   arrogant and prideful, some people will come to hate him.
Those who work   incredibly hard for their spot would probably see Sudou as a rather   disagreeable person.
Then there are the rumors, right?
People say that   Sudou's been fighting people since junior high.
I haven't met anyone who   knew Sudou at his previous school, but considering how many people are   talking about it, there might be something to the rumor."   People didn't hold a very good impression of Sudou."
This was bound to happen eventually.
That's why Horikita said Sudou   was a perpetrator."   "So...
his typical behavior, plus his repeated actions, led to this   situation, then?" Kushida asked."
Yeah.
As long as he continues to antagonize those around him, trouble   will inevitably follow.
Also, if there's no proof, then people will use his   image against him.
In other words, they'll judge him based on their   impressions.
For example, let's say there was a murder case.
There are two   suspects.
One of them has committed murder in the past, while the other is a   good, upstanding citizen.
Based on that information, who would you   believe?"   If asked, nearly everyone would give the same response."
Well...
I'd pick the upstanding citizen, of course."   "The truth might be different.
However, the less information you have   upon which to base your judgment, the more you have to rely on whatever   meager information you have at hand.
That's what's happening here.
Horikita   cannot overlook the fact that Sudou doesn't recognize his flaws."I didn't think this was exactly a "you reap what you sow" situation,   though."
I see.
So that's what she meant..."   Kushida gave a small nod."
So Horikita-san isn't going to save Sudou-kun because she wants to   teach him a lesson?"   "I guess so, yeah.
By punishing him, she wants him to understand   himself better."   Kushida understood, but clearly didn't agree.
It seemed like she was a   little angry, balling her fists in anger."
I don't agree with abandoning Sudou-kun just to punish him.
If she's   dissatisfied with him, I think she should at least talk to him directly.
That's   what friends would do."   I didn't think that Horikita considered Sudou her friend, though.
Besides, Horikita wasn't the type to teach through kindness.
She didn't feel   an obligation to others."
You should act according to your own principles, Kushida.
I don't   think it's wrong to want to help Sudou."   "Yeah."   Kushida nodded without hesitation.
She would extend her hand to a   friend in need as many times as it took.
It sounds simple, but it was actually   difficult.
Only someone like Kushida could do such a thing."
However, I think it would be better if we carefully considered whether   or not to directly point out Sudou's problems.
If he doesn't actually take the   time to reflect, there's no point.
There are certain realizations you can only   come to on your own."   "Okay.
I understand.
I'll follow your advice, Ayanokouji-kun."   Kushida arched her back and stretched; I'd changed her thinking."
Okay, let's go hunt for the witness."   We returned to the classroom, and rejoined Ike and Yamauchi."
Huh?
So, you couldn't persuade Horikita?" Ike said.
"No, I'm sorry.
I failed," Kushida replied."
No, no.
You don't have to apologize, Kushida-chan.
We should be   fine with who we already have."   "I'm counting on you, Ike-kun.
Yamauchi-kun," Kushida appealed   with sparkling eyes.
The two of them gazed back, love-struck."
Okay, so where should we start?"   Randomly searching for a witness would be ineffective.
It would've   been better to come up with a plan before starting our search."
If no one has any objections, how about we start by asking around   Class B?" I asked."
Why Class B?"   "Because that's the class that would most want a witness."   "Sorry.
I don't quite understand, Ayanokouji-kun."   "Between D and C, which class most threatens Class B?
Or to put it   another way, which class is more likely to threaten B's place in the ranking?"   "C, of course.
So we should ask C last, I suppose.
But why not start   with Class A?"   "We know too little about Class A.
I don't think they'd want to get   involved in a troublesome affair that might negatively impact their points.
It's   also possible that Class A students don't care, as they feel no connection to   what goes on between C and D."   Of course, I still didn't know if we could trust Class B.
If they had a   particularly cunning person, he or she might have devised a plan to defeat not   only C, but Class D as well.
Even if that plan didn't exist, I believed we   ought to prepare countermeasures based on that idea."
Well then, let's go to Class B right away!" Kushida cried."
Stop." I reflexively grabbed the back of Kushida's collar."
Nyaa!" Surprised, Kushida let out a cat-like yelp."
So cuuute!" After seeing Kushida's adorable reaction, Yamauchi had   hearts in his eyes.
She was probably being adorable on purpose...
Despite   thinking that, my heart pounded like crazy.
"It is certainly true that your excellent communication skills are   indispensable.
However, this isn't the same as casually strolling into another   class and trying to make friends."   "You think so?"   If the witness was willing to help Class D for nothing, or if they were   friendly, then there'd be no need to worry.
However, it the witness was a   calculating person, then he or she might not agree to help.
We wouldn't know   whether that person would assist Class D unless we tried asking, though.
Even if we went to Class B to talk...
how would things turn out?"
Do you know anyone in Class B?"   "I do.
I've only gotten to know a few people, though," Kushida said."
Well then, let's talk to those people first then."   We absolutely did not want word to get out that Class D was frantically   searching for witnesses."
Wait, ask them one by one?
Wouldn't it be way easier to ask everyone   at the same time?" said Ike.
He didn't seem to like this roundabout way of   doing things."
I also think you're being too negative.
I do think it's a good idea to   ask Class B, but I also think we should ask several people at once.
If not, we   may not find the witness in time."   "I see.
You might be right about that.
We should do what you think is   best, Kushida."   "I'm sorry, Ayanokouji-kun."   Kushida clasped her hands together apologetically.
She hadn't really   done anything wrong, though.
It was only natural that we'd have different   opinions on the matter.
Besides, in times like these the majority should   decide what to do.
Kushida's plan had convinced me, so I withdrew my own.
Suddenly, I felt a sensation, like someone was watching me.
I turned   around.
About one third of our class remained in the room.
Nothing here   seemed especially odd.
Still, I couldn't quite put my finger on exactly what   was bothering me, or who'd given me the feeling of being watched.
3.
3   The first classroom we visited had a slightly different atmosphere.
Although it looked fundamentally the same as ours, it felt as though we had   come to an alien place.
It was a bit like soccer; clearly the difference between   a home and an away game in soccer was no trivial thing.
We also didn't   know if the students around us were friend or foe.
Even Ike and Yamauchi   appeared to be shaking in their boots.
They simply stood frozen in the   classroom doorway, unable to move.
Kushida was the only one who remained unfazed.
In fact, she found her   Class B friends and, with a smile on her face, waved to them and headed   over.
What an incredible attitude.
I wanted to learn how to be like that.
She   chatted with people regardless of gender, exactly how she acted in Class D.
No one was more jealous of this than Ike and Yamauchi.
Kushida was   happily chatting with people who were clearly more attractive than they."
D-damn it!
There are way too many guys after my Kushida-chan.
This   sucks!"   What was he talking about?
His Kushida?"
Don't panic, Ike.
It's okay.
We're in Kushida-chan's class, so we're   one step ahead of them!"   The pair, comrades in vexation, grasped each other's arms.
Although there were only about 10 people left in the classroom,   Kushida began explaining Sudou's case.
All things considered, the   atmosphere in Class B wasn't that different from Class D.
Certainly not what   I'd expect from a class full of honor students.
They didn't seem especially   formal.
In fact, many of the students seemed to do as they pleased.
Although   they were free to act however they wanted within school regulations, I'd   expected their hair and clothing to be a bit more reserved.
Instead, however,   some students had dyed hair, and...
well...
certain girls wore rather short   skirts.
As the saying goes, you shouldn't judge a book by its cover.
Or   perhaps they were superior to Class D in more than simple academics.
This school was far too mysterious.
Thinking about these things was a   pain in the butt.
Anyway, I had only come here to accompany Kushida today,   so I thought it best to leave things to her.
I moved further away from the   doorway to evade Ike and Yamauchi's notice."
I wanna go home."   I didn't want them to hear me grumbling to myself.
From outside the   window, I could see the Track and Field Club running and working up a   sweat.
The air conditioning inside school was especially effective, so I didn't   really feel like going out."
Wow, those guys in the sports club really work hard, huh?"   Ike, having scouted around Class B, joined me in looking out the   window.
He was an especially capricious person, so waiting probably bored   him."
I think people who participate in clubs are stupid," he said."
Why would you say that?
You know such a statement will alienate   about half of the students here, right?" I didn't know the precise numbers, but   I estimated at least 60 to 70 percent of the students in this school participated   in clubs."
If you like exercising, then what's wrong with just doing it as a   hobby?
What benefit is there to undergoing such a harsh regimen?"   I thought it odd to view club activities solely in terms of benefits or   drawbacks.
Besides, there were many benefits to participating in a club.
You   gained the skills necessary to build relationships with other people, and you   also got to experience victory and defeat.
These were things you couldn't   learn just by studying alone.
Besides, someone who never participated in   clubs and only went straight home after class could probably stand to learn   that lesson."
You're probably right," I said.
I waited for a few minutes until I received Kushida's report.
I certainly   didn't expect what she told me.
Please view the Illustration.
Chapter 4:   An Unexpected Witness   The next morning, students busily exchanged information with each   other.
Those from Hirata's group and those with Kushida had spent yesterday   searching for the witness.
Ike and Yamauchi hated ladies' men like Hirata,   but seemed excited about all of the girls who hung around him.
They happily   tried to chat them up.
As I listened in, though, I heard that Hirata and his   group hadn't obtained any valuable information.
They'd recorded the names   of the people to whom they'd spoken, and occasionally taken notes on their   cell phones.
Meanwhile, I was alone, like always.
I could talk to Kushida, but felt   disadvantaged when it came to a big group.
I couldn't really talk, so I asked   Kushida to fill in me later.
Meanwhile, my neighbor-who continued to   reject Kushida's invitations, no matter what-sat with a nonchalant   expression as she prepared for class.
Sudou, the person of interest, still hadn't   arrived."
Man, can we even prove that those Class C guys were in the wrong?"   Ike asked."
As long as we can find a witness, it's not impossible.
Let's keep   trying our best, Ike-kun."   "Before we try our best, though, is there even a witness in the first   place?
Didn't Sudou only say that he thought someone might've been there?
Wasn't that just a lie?
I mean, he is violent, and he does provoke people."   "If we keep doubting him, we won't make any progress.
Am I wrong?"   "I guess, you're probably right about that, but...
if Sudou is in the   wrong, then our hard-earned points are all going be stripped away, right?
We'll be at zero.
Zero!
We'll be back to having no pocket money at all.
Our   dreams of screwing around to our hearts' content will remain unrealized!"   "Then it would be a good idea for everyone to start saving up again,"   Hirata said."
It's only been three months since we started here."   Our classroom hero didn't waver as he delivered his magnificentspeech.
The girls immediately blushed in response.
Karuizawa wore a   particularly proud expression, perhaps because she was the one he'd chosen   to be his girlfriend."
I do think our points are important.
They're tied to our motivation,   right?
So, I will defend our class points to my last breath.
Even if it's only 87   points."   "I understand how you feel.
However, it can be dangerous to cling to   our points and lose sight of reality.
The most important thing is to treasure   our friends as much as possible."   Ike, who considered Hirata a goody two shoes, eyed him suspiciously."
Even if Sudou was at fault?"   Being punished when you'd done nothing wrong was horrible.
That   much was obvious.
However, Hirata nodded without a moment's hesitation.
It was as though he believed self-sacrifice was unimportant.
Ike immediately   looked downward, as if pressed under the weight of Hirata's noble intentions."
I think what you're saying is reasonable, Hirata-kun, but I still want   my points.
The students in Class A get nearly 100,000 points every month.
I'm super envious of them.
There are girls in their class who buy lots of   stylish clothes and accessories.
Aren't we just the bottom of the barrel   compared to them?"   Karuizawa's legs dangled over her desk.
People looked bitter when she   pointed out the stark difference between our classes."
Why couldn't I have been in Class A from the start?
If I were in Class   A, I'd probably be loving every second of my student life."   "I wish I was in A, too.
I'd be doing so much fun stuff with my   friends."   Before I knew it, the meeting to save Sudou had transformed into a   grievance session, with students pleading for a way out of the class.
Horikita   spontaneously broke into derisive laughter in response to Ike and   Karuizawa's delusions.
As her neighbor, I was the only one who noticed.
She   seemed to be implying that they couldn't have started in Class A if they'd   wanted to.
Horikita immediately took out a library book and began reading,   almost as if she was trying not to be distracted by the noise.
At a glance, I   saw she was reading Dostoevsky's Demons.
A good choice.
"It would be awesome if there was some secret trick we could use to   switch Class A in an instant.
Saving up class points is way too hard."   There was a 1000-point difference between Class A and us.
An   absurdly huge difference."
Then cheer up, Ike, because there is one way to instantly reach Class   A."   Chabashira-sensei spoke from the classroom entranceway.
She'd   arrived just five minutes before class started."
Wait.
What did you say, sensei?" Ike nearly fell off his chair before   recomposing himself."
I said that there's a way to reach Class A without class points."   Horikita looked up from her book, probably trying to gauge whether   Chabashira-sensei was lying."
Come on, now.
Don't tease us, Sae-chan-sensei!" Usually, Ike   would've sunk his teeth into that information.
This time, he laughed it off, as   if saying he wouldn't be fooled."
It's true.
At this school, there are certain special methods you can   use," answered Chabashira-sensei.
Judging from her answer, she didn't   appear to be joking."
I don't think she's saying that just to confuse us."   Chabashira-sensei sometimes withheld information, but she didn't lie.
Ike's guffaws gradually stopped."
Sensei, what are these special methods?" Ike inquired politely, as if   not to offend her.
All of the students fixed their eyes on Chabashira-sensei.
Even those   who didn't see a substantial benefit to reaching Class A appeared curious."
I told you on the day you arrived.
I said there's nothing you cannot   buy with your points at this school.
In other words, you can change classes by   using your personal points."   Chabashira-sensei shot a quick glance over at Horikita and me.
We had   tested out that very method ourselves by buying a test point from the school.
That supported the truth of her claim.
Class points and private points were linked.
If we didn't have any class   points, then we wouldn't get the private points, either.
However, it wasn't a   perfect one-to-one correlation.
Based on what we'd heard, you didn't   necessarily have to lose out on points.
Because students could transfer points,   it was theoretically possible to collect private points even if your class points   were at zero."
S-seriously!
How many points do we need to save up to do that?!"   "Twenty million.
Do your best to conserve points.
Do that, and you can   enter whichever class you like."   After hearing that absurdly high number, Ike tumbled out of his chair."
Did you just say twenty million?
That's impossible, though!"   Everyone in the class started booing.
Their disappointment was to be   expected."
Normally yes, it would be impossible.
However, as it's an avenue to   Class A, it's naturally expensive.
If I were reduce the number by one digit,   there would probably be over 100 people in Class A come graduation.
Then   there'd be no point to our system."   Even by maintaining our monthly allotment of 100,000 points, that still   wouldn't be an easy number to reach."
Just out of curiosity, has anyone successfully changed their class like   this before?"   That was an obvious question.
The Advanced Nurturing High School   had been in operation for about 10 years.
A thousand and some students had   struggled to make it through.
If anyone had managed to achieve success by   that method, there would've been talk about it."
Unfortunately, no.
No one has done it before.
The reason why is as   clear as day.
Even if you perfectly maintain your class points upon starting   school here, after three years you'd only have 3.
6 million.
Class A could raise   points enough to reach four million.
Normally, you simply wouldn't be able   to do it."   "So, doesn't that just mean it's impossible?"   "It's almost impossible.
However, that does not mean it actually is   impossible.
There's a big difference, Ike."However, around half the class had already lost interest in what she   was saying.
For students in Class D, who dreamed of a mere 100 or 200   private points, reaching 20 million was a faraway dream.
It was beyond the   scope of our imagination."
May I ask one question, please?"   The watchful Horikita raised her hand.
She looked quite determined,   considering this was a potential road to Class A."
What is the highest number of points that a student has saved since the   opening of this school?
I'm just asking for the sake of reference."   "A very good question, Horikita.
About three years ago, one student   from Class B saved nearly 12 million points before graduating."   "T-twelve million?!
A student from Class B?!"   "He was expelled before graduation, however, so he was unable to save   those 20 million points in the end.
He was engaged in a large-scale fraudulent   operation to save up points."   "Fraudulent?"   "He took advantage of the newly admitted first-year students who   didn't yet understand the system.
He went to them one by one and scammed   points out of them, so he could reach the 20 million points necessary to move   to Class A.
There was no way the school could overlook such reckless   actions, however.
I don't think that his goal was particularly bad, but people   who break the rules must be punished."   That was more than a mere anecdote.
That story made the possibility of   success sound truly impossible."
So, you're saying that even if we were to use criminal methods, 12   million points is about the limit?" Horikita muttered."
Give up on that method.
Strive to save up your points responsibly."   Horikita returned to reading, likely feeling idiotic for bothering to raise   her hand at all.
In this world, stories that seemed too good to be true were just   that."
Oh, that reminds me.
None of you have gotten any points yet from   club activities, have you?" remarked Chabashira-sensei, with the air ofsuddenly remembering."
What do you mean?"   "There are cases where individuals may win points based on their   efforts in club activities, or their degree of participation.
For example, if   someone in a calligraphy club were to win a contest, they could receive   corresponding points for that award."   This new information took everyone aback."
Y-you mean we can get points for participating in clubs?!"   "Yes.
The other classes should have already been well informed of   this."   "Wh-what the hell?
That's so mean!
Why didn't you tell us earlier?!"   "I simply forgot, sorry.
However, extracurricular activities aren't there   just as a way to earn points.
So it shouldn't make any difference when you   learned this information," said Chabashira-sensei without a hint of timidity."
No, no, no!
That's not true at all!
If you'd told me before, I-"   "Are you saying you would have participated in extracurricular   activities?
Do you really think you would've been able to see any results after   joining a club, results like winning prizes or being in games, with such   shallow feelings?"   "Well...
you might be right about that, but...
It was possible!"   I understood both Chabashira-sensei and Ike's viewpoints.
If someone   were to join a club simply for the sake of earning points, he or she probably   wouldn't see great results.
If anything, joining a club for such a lazy,   indifferent reason would probably make you a nuisance for the students who   were serious about it.
On the other hand, someone who joined the club for the   sake of points might discover that they possessed a talent for it.
At any rate, I deduced that our homeroom teacher was being extremely   and deliberately mean."
You know, if you think back on it now, it was obvious from the start."   "What do you mean, Hirata-kun?"   "Think back.
Remember what our P.
E.
instructor Higashiyama-sensei   said when we went to the pool?
He said the student who got the best timeduring our first class would get 5000 points.
That was a stepping stone to   prepare us for other opportunities.
It seems plausible, right?"   Ike scratched his head and slumped."
I don't remember," he said."
If I got points for it, I probably would've joined calligraphy club, or   some other kind of art club."   It seemed like Ike could only see the positive side of things.
I thought   there naturally must be a downside.
There might be cases where if someone didn't participate in their club   seriously, he or she would be penalized.
The easy route would probably   destroy you.
However, learning that our points would reflect the efforts we   made in club activities was encouraging."
Horikita.
Doesn't this mean there's some value in saving Sudou?" I   asked."
We should save him because he's in a club?"   "Sudou told us that he may be picked as a regular on the team even   though he's a first year, right?
Horikita gave a small nod."
If he was telling the truth..."   She sounded somewhat doubtful."
It's better to have a lot of private points, right?
He can supplement his   own grade if he fails, and he can save others."   "I have a hard time imagining that he'd use his points altruistically,   though."   "I'm saying that it's better to have points saved up, just in case.
Right?"   Whether class points or private points, it was better to have a lot of   them.
There were absolutely no negatives to that.
Also, we knew very little   about how else to earn points at this stage.
If our chances improved with   Sudou in the class, then that was reason enough to make an effort.
Horikita   fell silent.
Even she didn't have the ability to create any points for us right   now."
I won't say that I'll help, but I suppose I ought to acknowledgeSudou's existence, at least a little."   Horikita's language was harsh, but she acknowledged the connection to   her own interests.
I considered it unnecessary to say more, so I stopped   talking.
Horikita pondered the issue in silence.
4.
1   Our class became temporarily excited by that fairy tale, but we were   soon pulled back to reality.
After school we resumed the search for a witness.
I hung behind Kushida, Ike, and the others, trailing them like a ghost.
I was   impressed, surprised, and in awe of their natural conversation skills.
It was   clear as day that I, someone who couldn't even converse with my fellow   classmates, was not well suited to this task.
How could they talk with people   they'd never met before and behave like old friends?
Monsters.
In this investigation, we sought not just names, but also contact   information.
Perhaps they felt compelled to give Kushida their information   because of her personality.
What a wonderful talent...
Though Kushida and the others spent a good amount of time going to   the second-year classrooms and talking to upperclassmen, they didn't turn up   any good leads.
As time passed, the number of students who remained after   class was dwindling.
With a lack of new students to speak with, we decided   to stop our investigation for the day."
Looks like we didn't have any luck today, either."   Everyone went back to my room to reevaluate our strategy.
Sudou   came by shortly afterward and joined our discussion."
What happened today?
Did you make any progress?" he asked."
None at all.
Sudou, are you sure there was a witness?"   I understood Ike's doubts.
Even though the school had said that's what   happened, there wasn't any new information."
Huh?
I never said there was someone there.
I said that it felt like   someone was there."   "Huh.
Is that so?"   "It's certainly true that Sudou-kun didn't say he saw anyone.
He said   that he had a feeling that someone was there."   "Maybe Sudou was hallucinating?
He must be taking some pretty   potent drugs or something."Man, that was going a bit too far.
Sudou put Ike into a headlock."
Gyahh!
I give, I give!" Ike cried.
While the two of them messed around, Kushida and Yamauchi were   wracking their brains.
After discussing the matter for about 10 minutes,   Kushida spoke up."
We might want to change our methods a little.
For example, let's look   for someone who might have found a witness."   "Look for someone who found a witness?
I don't get what you mean."   "Are you going to look for the people who went to the special building   on the day of the incident?"   "Yeah.
What do you think?"   That wasn't a bad idea.
Not many students went to the special building,   but the entrance was well within eyeshot.
In other words, if someone testified   to seeing another person enter the special building, we'd be much closer to   finding the witness."
That sounds great!
Let's start asking right away."   I noticed then that the person of interest, Sudou, was completely   engrossed in some kind of digital basketball game on his phone.
It was   completely draining his battery.
I think the game was called Generation of   Miracles or something, but I still didn't quite understand.
After he won the   match, he struck a victory pose.
Even though Sudou couldn't really help, Ike and Yamauchi still   appeared disgruntled at the sight of him.
However, they concealed their   dissatisfaction, probably because they were scared of Sudou's counterattack.
They both chose to ignore him instead.
Tomorrow was Friday.
Ferreting out information would be no easier   when Saturday came around.
That meant we actually had less time than we   thought.
Just then, my doorbell rang and a visitor appeared.
The small group   of normal visitors was mostly accounted for already.
While I considered who   this new visitor might be, she peered through the door."
Have you made any progress finding the witness?" asked Horikita,   looking as if she already knew the response.
"Number Not yet."   "I'm only telling you this because it's you, but I may have found out   something-"   While she was talking, Horikita noticed that there were several pairs of   shoes lined up by my door.
She stopped and made a hard heel turn,   apparently ready to run.
Kushida peered over at the entrance, probably   concerned that Horikita wouldn't return."
Ah, Horikita-san!" Kushida said.
Kushida smiled and waved to Horikita.
Horikita, upon noticing   Kushida, naturally let out a sigh."
Looks like your only choice is to come in, huh?"   "Looks that way," Horikita grumped.
Looking exasperated, she entered my room."
Oh, Horikita!"   Of course, Sudou was happiest to see her.
He paused his game and   stood."
Did you decide to help out?
I'm super glad you're here."   "I didn't particularly plan on helping.
You don't appear to have found   the witness yet, right?"   Kushida nodded despondently."
If you didn't come here to help, then   why did you come?" she asked."
I was wondering what kind of plan you'd come up with."   "Well, I'm happy if you just want to listen to us talk.
I hoped you could   give some advice."   Kushida then relayed her plan to Horikita, whose expression remained   neutral from start to finish."
I wouldn't say it's a bad plan.
Provided you have sufficient time, your   labors may actually bear fruit."   Time was indeed the issue here.
Considering we had a mere few days   left, it was doubtful we'd see any results.
"Well.
Now that I'm abreast of the current situation, I'll be leaving."   In the end, Horikita was going to leave without ever having sat down.
She was no lingerer."
Did you come up with something?
Like information about the   witness?" I asked.
When Horikita had shown up at my door, it seemed like she'd wanted   to say something.
She wasn't exactly the friendly type, certainly not the sort   who'd come to my room for casual conversation."
I'll give you just one piece of advice, to help your pathetic odds," she   said."
It's hard to see what's right in front of you.
If someone actually   witnessed Sudou's incident, then that person is close by."   Horikita's information was much more significant than I'd imagined.
She spoke as if she had already found the hypothetical witness."
What do you mean, Horikita?
Are you seriously implying that you   found this person?"   Sudou appeared more shocked and doubtful than joyous.
That was   understandable.
No one, myself included, really believed her...
until we heard   her next words."
Sakura-san."   Horikita spoke a most unexpected name."
Sakura-san?
From our class?"   Yamauchi and Sudou exchanged looks.
They didn't seem to know who   Sakura even was.
That was probably to be expected, though.
To be honest, I   had to wrack my own memory for a moment."
She's the witness.
She saw the incident."   "Why do you say that?"   "When Kushida-san said that she was looking for a witness in class,   Sakura looked down.
A lot of students were staring at Kushida-san.
Sakura   was the only one who didn't appear interested.
She wouldn't have acted that   way without some connection to the incident."   I hadn't noticed that at all.
I was genuinely impressed by Horikita's   observational prowess.
She'd noticed a classmate's very minor gesture.
"Since you were one of the people who also stares at Kushida-san, it's   not surprising you didn't notice," Horikita said to me, her tone heavily   sarcastic."
So you're saying that there's a high probability that this Sakura, or   Kokura, or whoever is the witness?" inquired Sudou.
A sharp observation,   something a fool would be unlikely to say."
No, Sakura-san is undoubtedly the witness.
Her actions confirmed it.
Although she may not admit to it, she is definitely the one."   While we'd been paralyzed by uncertainty, Horikita had stepped up   and taken control.
That Horikita had done so for our class's sake was   particularly moving."
Did you really do this for me, after all?!" Sudou looked especially   moved."
Don't misunderstand.
I just didn't want to waste more time looking   for the witness, and letting other classes see us in such a shameful light.
That's all."   "Umm.
But still, the point is that you saved us, right?"   "You are free to interpret things however you wish, but I'm telling you   that you're wrong."   "Come on, don't lie!
You're a tsundere, Horikita!"   Ike went to hit Horikita's shoulders playfully, as if teasing her.
Horikita   grabbed his arm and tossed him to the ground."
Oww!" he cried."
Don't touch me.
This is your one warning.
The next time you try it,   I'll despise you all the way to graduation."   "I-I won't touch you.
Not even if I wanted to...
ow, owww!"   She put him in a headlock.
It was unfortunate for Ike, but you reap   what you sow.
Anyway, those weren't the defensive moves of a normal girl.
Since I knew that her older brother practiced karate and aikido, she might   have learned something, too?"
Ooh.
My arm!"   "Ike-kun," said Horikita as Ike writhed on the floor in agony.
I thought she was taking things too far."
Should I amend my previous statement, and say 'I shall continue to   despise you long past our graduation'?"   "Ohh!
So mean!"   After delivering what seemed to be his last words on the matter, Ike's   energy was exhausted.
Sakura, though.
Of all people, the witness was from Class D.
It was   difficult to know whether this was good news or not."
Isn't this great, Sudou?
If the student's from Class D, then we can   definitely get her to testify!"   "Yeah.
I'm happy there's a witness, but who's Sakura?
Do you know   her?"   Sudou didn't seem to have any idea.
Yamauchi appeared quite   surprised."
Are you serious?
She sits behind you, Sudou!"   "No, that's not it.
She sits diagonally ahead of you and to the left, I   thought?"   "No, you're both wrong.
She sits diagonally ahead of Sudou-kun to the   right." Kushida corrected them, a slightly pouty look on her face."
Diagonally ahead to the right?
I can't remember at all.
I'm sure   there's someone there, though."   That was obvious.
A permanently empty seat would have been bizarre.
Sakura certainly didn't stand out very much.
The fact we didn't really know   her was a problem."
I probably know her.
I feel like I've heard her name somewhere   before," I offered.
I felt like I almost had something, but not quite."
Can you tell us about her?"   "Well, I suppose there's one thing.
Would it help if I said she has the   biggest boobs in class?
Her boobs are insanely huge." Ike, having returned to   the land of the living, discussed one of Sakura's chief physicalcharacteristics.
Personally, I couldn't identify her based on that information   alone."
Oh, she's that plain girl with glasses, right?"   How did you jump to that?
I was a little stunned."
It's not good to remember people based on something like that, Ike-   kun!
That's pathetic," Kushida cried."
N-no, no, it's not like that, Kushida-chan.
It's just, you know.
I wasn't   trying to say anything indecent or anything.
You know, it's like how you can   remember a tall guy because of his height, right?
It's the same kind of thing,   but I'm just remembering her based on another physical characteristic!"   Kushida was rapidly losing faith as Ike frantically tried to smooth   things over.
It seemed like it was too late."
Damn it!
No, it's not like that, it's not!
I absolutely do not like plain   girls like her!
Don't get the wrong idea!"   I doubted anyone had the wrong idea.
While Ike broke down in tears,   the rest of us started talking about Sakura."
Then we should see how much Sakura-san knows.
Any ideas?"   "None.
We just have to confirm with her directly."   "Can't we just go to Sakura's room right now?
We don't have much   time."   I thought that Yamauchi's proposal seemed innocuous, but it all came   down to Sakura's personality and behavior.
Sakura was an unusually shy girl.
It wasn't difficult to imagine that if unfamiliar people suddenly showed up,   she'd be perplexed."
Okay, so should we try calling her?"   I recalled that Kushida already knew everyone's information, including   Horikita's.
She listened to her phone ring for about 20 seconds, but then she   shook her head and hung up."
No luck.
The call didn't go through.
I can try again later, but this may   be a delicate matter."   "What do you mean by delicate?""She gave me her contact information, but she doesn't know me very   well.
She might be confused if I tried to call her.
Also, she might not even   have been there to answer the phone."   Sakura might just be pretending to be out, too."
So she's kind of like Horikita?" Ike said.
Why would you say something like that when the person you're talking   about was standing right in front of you, Ike?
Horikita probably didn't care,   though.
Really, she seemed pretty uninterested in what Ike said at all."
Goodbye."   "Ah, Horikita-san!"   Horikita stood quickly and headed for the door.
By the time I managed   to get up, the door had clicked shut."
What a tsundere."   Sudou wore a happy smile, chuckling and scratching his nose with his   finger.
She wasn't tsun and she wasn't dere.
She wasn't anything, I thought.
She was a non-tsun, non-dere.
Since we couldn't prevent Horikita from   leaving, we resumed our conversation."
I get the feeling that Sakura-san's just a shy person.
That was my first   impression of her."   It was strange to discuss someone you'd never talked to."
She's plain, that's it.
Talk about a waste, man.
Like pearls before   swine." While Yamauchi spoke, he gestured with his hands near his chest, to   represent Sakura's breasts."
Yeah, for sure.
Her boobs are huge, though.
It's really cute!"   Ike seemed to have already forgotten the shame of his earlier remarks,   and was now excited again.
Kushida gave him another bitter smile.
After   noticing Kushida's expression, Ike's regret returned.
He was the type of   hapless creature that made the same mistake over and over.
Even though I hadn't said anything, I felt like I was being lumped into   the same category as Ike and Yamauchi.
Kushida's bitter smile seemed to   say, You're also fixated on boobs, aren't you?
You disgusting pervert.
Granted, that was my persecution complex speaking.
"What about Sakura's face, though?
It's no use, I just can't remember   anything."   I could barely match Sakura's name to a face.
I recalled seeing her   back when we were making bets.
The bet had been about boobs, though.
I   guess we were birds of a feather after all.
My image of Sakura was of her quietly sitting by herself, hunched over   her desk."
I don't know if Sakura talks to anyone.
Yamauchi?
Wait, hold on...
Yamauchi, you said you confessed your feelings to her before, right?
If you   did, then you can talk to her easily, yeah?"   Oh, Ike was right.
Yamauchi had said that.
They'd mentioned it before."
Uh, ahh...
well, I may or may not have said something like that."   Yamauchi feigned ignorance."
So you were lying?"   "N-no, I wasn't.
I wasn't lying.
It was just a misunderstanding.
It   wasn't Sakura; it was a girl from the next class over.
Not a gloomy and ugly   girl like Sakura.
Err, hold on.
Sorry, I got a message."   Yamauchi dodged the question by whipping out his phone.
It's   certainly true that Sakura was plain, but she wasn't ugly.
I'd never gotten a   good look at her face before, but she seemed to have very nice features.
Even   so, I couldn't say that with complete confidence, probably because Sakura   had so little presence."
Well, I'll try to talk to her myself tomorrow.
I think she might be on   her guard if a lot of people approach her," Kushida said."
That sounds good."   If Kushida couldn't manage it, then I doubted anyone else would be   able to get through to Sakura.
4.
2   "It's hot."   Our school didn't change uniforms with the seasons, so we had to wear   blazers throughout the year.
The reason was simple: every building came   equipped with heating and cooling systems.
The heat was only an issue going   to and from school.
The morning commute.
Sweat had begun to trickle down   my back in the few minutes that it took to get from the dorms to school.
I took refuge from the heat inside, where the nice, cool air greeted me.
It must have been hell for the students with morning practice.
Those boys and   girls all gathered around the classroom's source of the cool air.
From an   outsider's perspective, it was like bugs flitting about a light bulb.
Perhaps that   was kind of a bad example."
Good morning, Ayanokouji-kun."   Hirata called to me, his expression as fresh and friendly as usual.
The   sweet yet subtle fragrance of flowers always emanated from him.
If I were a   girl, I'd probably unintentionally shriek, "Hold me!"   "Kushida-san told me about it yesterday.
She said that you found the   witness.
Sakura-san."   Hirata looked over at Sakura's seat.
She hadn't yet arrived."
Are you going to talk to Sakura?" I asked."
Me?
Number I'm going to greet her, that's all.
I've wanted to talk to her   since she's always by herself, but as a guy I don't want to come off as   forceful or anything.
Also, if I asked Karuizawa-san to talk with her, that   might cause a few problems."   A conversation between the super assertive Karuizawa and Sakura-san   was difficult to imagine."
I think that for the time being, we'll just wait for more information   from Kushida-san."   "That sounds great, but why are you talking to me?
Talking to Ike or   Yamauchi would be better," I said.
There was no real reason for him to tell me any of this.
I wasn't really   part of the team."
Not for any particular reason.
I guess it's because you have a   connection to Horikita-san.
She doesn't talk to anyone except for you, so I   thought you'd pass it along."   "I see."   Was that my only area of expertise?
Hirata smiled, agreeably.
If I were   a girl, I would have gone from zero to 100 right there, and my heart would   have been beating out of my chest."
Oh, that reminds me.
If you're up for it, we should hang out sometime   soon.
What do you think?"   Hey, hey, don't tell me that you're not satisfied with girls anymore and   are looking to make my heart throb.
If I, a known recluse, accepted the hero's   invitation without due consideration, that would be a big problem."
Sure.
It should be fine, I guess."   Ahh, I said the exact opposite of what I'd been thinking.
Damn, curse   my terrible mouth.
I definitely hadn't been waiting for Hirata to invite me to   hang out or anything.
Yeah, that's right.
This is what's wrong with the   Japanese people: we are incapable of saying 'no,' so we have to respond in a   roundabout way when invited out."
I'm sorry.
Do you not really want to?" Hirata sensed my unease."
No, no, I'll go.
I definitely want to," I answered, feeling a little   disgusted with myself.
I tried to act like a proud guy, but I couldn't help   actually wanting to go."
Are you fine with my girlfriend coming, too?"   "Hmm?
Oh, Karuizawa-san?
That's okay."   My response was surprisingly quick.
Well, there was a wide variety of   "types" of couples.
Since they still called each other by their surnames, they   probably weren't that close yet.
I reluctantly parted from Hirata, and fiddled   with my cell phone while I waited for homeroom to begin.
Then, I noticed   that Sakura was in her seat.
She wasn't doing anything.
She just seemed to be sitting at her desk,killing time.
I wondered just what kind of student Sakura was.
In the three   months that I'd been at this school, I knew nothing about her apart from her   surname.
It probably wasn't just me, either.
The rest of the class probably had   no clue.
Kushida and Hirata were proactive and able to open up to just about   anyone.
Horikita didn't feel the agony of solitude.
So what about Sakura?
Did she like being alone, like Horikita?
Or was she suffering because she   didn't know how to connect with people, like me?
Those were the mysteries   that Kushida was supposedly going to unravel for us.
4.
3   Class was over.
Kushida stood up right as homeroom ended and   walked over towards Sakura, who was quietly preparing to leave.
Kushida   seemed oddly nervous.
Ike, Yamauchi, and even Sudou appeared interested   in what was going on, and directed their attention over to the girls."
Sakura-san?"   "Wh-what?"   The bespectacled girl with the hunched back peered up with a timid   expression.
Apparently she hadn't expected someone to talk to her, and was   flustered."
I wanted to ask you something, Sakura-san.
Do you have a moment?
It's about Sudou's case."   "S-sorry.
I...
I have plans, so..."   Sakura was obviously uncomfortable.
She averted her eyes.
She   probably wasn't good at talking with others.
Or rather, she gave off the   impression that she didn't like talking to them.
Please view the Illustration.
"Can you please make some time?
This is important, so I'd like to talk   to you.
When Sudou-kun was involved in the incident, were you perhaps   somewhere nearby?"   "I-I don't know.
I already told Horikita-san.
I really don't know   anything..."   Her words were weak, yet she vehemently denied it.
Kushida could   clearly see how unpleasant Sakura found this, so she probably didn't want to   press her much more.
Although Kushida appeared slightly perplexed at first,   her concerned expression quickly melted into a pleasant smile.
Even so, she   couldn't withdraw just like that, because Sakura might have tremendous   influence over Sudou's fate."
So...
is it okay?
If I go back..." Sakura whispered.
Something seemed strange, however.
She wasn't simply bad at talking   with people.
It looked as though she was hiding something.
You could see   that from her behavior.
Sakura concealed her dominant hand while also   avoiding eye contact.
Even if she weren't comfortable meeting someone's   eyes, people generally looked in the direction of those to whom they were   speaking.
Sakura didn't look at Kushida's face at all.
If Ike or I were talking to her, I could have understood that reaction.
Though it was mostly out of formal obligation, Sakura had exchanged   numbers with Kushida.
Kushida's behavior in a one on one conversation was   different, though.
I don't think Horikita was wrong to feel some discomfort   when speaking with Kushida.
I'd found something a bit off-putting about it   myself."
Can't you please spare just a few minutes now?" Kushida asked."
Wh-why, though?
I-I don't know anything..."   If Kushida failed, we'd gain nothing from their conversation.
Of   course, the longer this awkwardness dragged on, the more attention they'd   attract.
This seemed like a complete miscalculation on Kushida's part.
Since   they were already acquainted and had exchanged contact information,   Kushida probably had expected this conversation to go more smoothly, and   had gone into this situation thinking she wasn't going to be rejected.
That   explained why this was currently falling apart.
Horikita carefully monitored the situation.
She looked over at me witha somewhat smug expression.
It was as though she were saying I know that   your powers of observation are incredible."
I'm really bad at being social.
I'm sorry..." Sakura muttered.
She spoke in an unnatural, strained way, and didn't seem to want   Kushida to get any closer.
When discussing Sakura earlier, Kushida had   described her as a shy but ordinary girl.
Judging from her current behavior,   though, she clearly wasn't normal.
Kushida must have felt the same, because   she couldn't hide her confusion.
Kushida was normally very good at getting   others to open up to her, but here she was failing.
Horikita also understood   what was happening.
As she watched the conversation, she came to a   conclusion."
My, how unfortunate.
Kushida failed to persuade her."   Horikita was correct.
If Kushida couldn't do it, then I didn't think that   anyone else in our class would be able to.
Kushida was good at creating an   informal atmosphere, one in which socially awkward people could converse   naturally.
However, everyone has what they consider their own personal   space.
An off-limits area, in other words.
Cultural anthropologist Edward Hall further divided the idea of   personal space into four parts.
One such zone is the so-called "intimate   space." In this particular space, you'd be near enough to hug someone.
If an   outsider tries to step into this space, people naturally exhibit strong signs of   rejection.
However, if that person is a lover or a best friend, then he or she   won't find it uncomfortable.
Even if someone were only a casual   acquaintance, Kushida probably wouldn't mind letting that person into her   "intimate space." That is, she didn't seem to put high value on the idea of   personal space.
However, Sakura had clearly rejected Kushida.
No...
rather, it looked   like she was running away.
When Sakura was first asked, she'd said that she   "had plans." If she really did have plans, she'd have repeated that when asked   again.
Sakura collected her bag and stood, seemingly putting distance   between herself and Kushida."
G-goodbye."   Sakura had apparently decided to run because she couldn't find a   skillful way to end the conversation.
She snatched a digital camera off herdesk, and started to walk away.
Just then, she ran into Hondou's shoulder.
Focused on texting a friend, he wasn't paying attention to where he was   going."
Ah!"   Sakura's digital camera tumbled to the floor with a loud clack.
Hondou simply kept walking, attention still focused on his phone.
He   apologized as he left."
My bad," he called.
Sakura, flustered, rushed to pick up her camera."
No way.
There's nothing on the screen..."   Sakura put her hand over her mouth in total shock.
The camera seemed   to have broken on impact.
She pushed the power button over and over, tried   taking out the batteries and putting them back in, but the power indicator   never came on."
I-I'm sorry.
It's because I came up and talked to you so suddenly,   that..." Kushida began."
No, that's not it.
I was just careless, that's all...
Anyway, goodbye."   Kushida, unable to stop the despondent Sakura, could only watch her   leave with regret."
Why is a gloomy girl like her my witness?
This sucks.
She doesn't   want to help me at all."   Sudou crossed his legs and leaned against the chair, sighing in   exasperation."
I'm sure there's something to learn there.
Besides, we didn't ask   Sakura-san directly what she saw.
Maybe she just can't say it herself?"   "I know.
If she were planning to say something, she would have.
She   restrained herself, because she's an adult."   "It might be better this way, Sudou-kun.
Better that she's the witness,   that is."   "What do you mean?"   "She won't testify on your behalf.
They'll determine you caused the   incident.
In the end, Class D will be affected by your actions, but we'll beokay.
We have testimony that they lied about the violence.
It's hard to   imagine that the school would penalize us by more than 100 or 200 points for   being involved in this incident.
That way we'll only lose 87 points, and you   won't face expulsion.
However, we'll shoulder more of the blame than Class   C will." Horikita relentlessly spoke her thoughts out loud, as if she'd been   hiding them deep inside her all this time."
Don't make jokes.
I'm innocent.
Innocent!
I hit them, but it was out of   self-defense."   "I don't think self-defense is all that helpful in this case."   Ah, I'd accidentally said that aloud."
Hey, Ayanokouji-kun."   I tried to act aloof as I turned, but found that Kushida's face was super   close to mine.
Man, Kushida looked super cute up close.
Rather than feeling   uncomfortable about this invasion of my personal space, I wanted her to   come even closer."
Ayanokouji-kun, you're Sudou-kun's ally, aren't you?" she asked."
Well...
Yeah, I am.
Why are you asking me that again, though?"   "Well, it's just that things seem to a bit tense.
Everyone's desire to save   Sudou is fading."   I looked around the classroom."
It does seem that way.
They probably think that whatever happens,   happens.
That there's nothing to be done."   If even Sakura, the key witness, denied Sudou her help, then we'd   made no progress."
I can't imagine that we'll find a perfect out for Sudou.
Let's just give   up on him," muttered Ike, half-heartedly."
What the hell, you guys?
Didn't you say that you'd help me?" Sudou   cried."
Well, it's just...
you know?"   Sudou appealed to our remaining classmates, looking for approval."
Even your friends don't wish to help you.
How unfortunate," Horikitamuttered.
The other students didn't try to deny what Ike and Horikita had said."
Why do I have to suffer like this?
You bunch of useless jerks!"   "What an interesting thing to say, Sudou-kun.
Haven't you noticed that   everyone is turning on you?"   "What do you mean by that?"   Our class often got very tense, but today was worse than usual.
However, since Sudou was talking to Horikita, he seemed to be trying his   best to restrain himself.
However, the attack came at him from an unexpected   direction."
Don't you think it would've been better if you'd been expelled?
Your   existence is far from beautiful.
No, in fact, I could say your life is an ugly   one, Red Hair-kun."   The voice came from a boy checking his reflection in a hand mirror to   fix his hair.
It was Kouenji Rokusuke, an especially odd guy even amongst   the remarkably strange people of our class."
What the hell?
Say that one more time, I dare you!"   "It would be inefficient for me to tell you, no matter how many times I   did.
If I know that you're dim-witted, then it doesn't matter how many times   I try to lecture you, does it?"   Kouenji didn't even look at Sudou as he spoke.
It was as if this were a   soliloquy.
Suddenly, there was a huge crashing sound.
A desk flew through   the air and splintered on the ground after being kicked.
Everyone froze.
Sudou, silent and intense, walked over to Kouenji."
All right, that's enough.
Calm down, you two," Hirata said.
He was   the only boy able to move in this awful situation.
My heart pounded in my   chest."
Sudou-kun.
You certainly are part of the problem here.
But Kouenji-   kun, you're in the wrong, too."   "Puh.
I don't think I've experienced being wrong since I was born.
You   must be mistaken."   "Bring it on.
I'll smash your face in and take you down a peg," Sudou   snapped.
"Stop it."   Hirata grabbed Sudou's arm, sternly attempting to stop him, but Sudou   showed no signs of being swayed.
He looked like he wanted to vent all of his   frustrations-including what Horikita had said-by hitting Kouenji."
Stop it already.
I don't want to see my friends fight..."   "It's just like Kushida says.
I don't know about Kouenji-kun, but I'm   your ally, Sudou-kun."   Hirata was way too cool.
It would've been fitting if he changed his   name to "Hero." That would have been awesome."
I'm going to stop this.
Sudou-kun, you should act more mature.
If you   cause another huge disturbance, the school's evaluation of you will only   worsen.
Right?"   "Tch."   Sudou glared at Kouenji and left the classroom, slamming the door on   his way out.
Afterward, a loud voice could be heard in the hall."
Kouenji-kun.
I don't intend to compel you to help.
But you were   wrong to blame him."   "Unfortunately, I've never experienced being wrong.
Not once in my   entire life.
Oh, looks like it's about time for my date.
Well, if you'll excuse   me."   Watching their bizarre interaction unfold, I realized that our class   lacked unity."
Sudou-kun really hasn't grown up, has he?"   "Couldn't you have been a little kinder, Horikita-san?"   "I don't show mercy to people who don't attempt to better themselves.
He's caused us nothing but harm, and has no redeeming features."   Well, you don't exactly show any mercy even to people who do attempt   such things."
What?"   "Ooh!"   While I shrank away, a sharp knife (well, a sharp look) was thrust intome.
I made a small rebuttal."
There's a popular expression in this world: Great talents mature late.
Sudou could probably become a professional player in the NBA, right?
I think   there's a possibility that he'll make a great contribution to society.
The power   of youth is infinite." I uttered a catchphrase that sounded about as original as   a television commercial."
I don't intend to deny that it could happen in 10 years' time, but I'm   looking for things to help me reach Class A right now.
If he can't help us   right now, then he's worthless to me."   "I guess so."   Well, Horikita's opinion was consistent, which was nice.
I was more   worried about Ike and the others.
Their moods changed frequently, so I   wasn't really able to relax."
You get along with Sudou, don't you?
You eat together with him."   "I don't think we're on bad terms, but I do kind of feel like he's a   burden.
Sudou cuts class more than anyone else.
He also fights the most.
I   have to draw the line there."   I could see what he meant.
Ike appeared to have his own thoughts."
I'll try to persuade Sakura-san.
Once I do, things should turn around."   "I just wonder about that.
Considering the circumstances, even if we   get Sakura-san's testimony, I believe it'll have minimal impact.
The school   will probably have doubts about a witness just suddenly appearing from   Class D."   "Doubts?
You mean they'd think we were lying about the witness?"   "Of course.
They'll consider the witness's testimony along with her   possible intentions.
They won't take her word as absolute proof."   "No way.
You mean even that evidence wouldn't be perfectly sound?"   "Well, the best and most miraculous situation would be if there was a   trusted witness from another class or grade who saw the entire incident from   start to finish.
There isn't anyone who fits that description, though," said   Horikita with confidence.
I thought the same.
"Then no matter how hard we try to prove Sudou's innocence, we..."   "Had the incident happened in a classroom, however, it would be a   different story."   "What do you mean?"   "Well, there are cameras that record what goes on in the classrooms,   right?
Therefore, if anything did happen, there'd be evidence of it.
Those   recordings would blow the Class C guys' lies away."   I pointed at the two or so cameras affixed to the ceiling near the corners   of the classroom.
They were small enough that they wouldn't be a distraction,   and they blended in well with their surroundings, but they were undeniably   security cameras."
The school checks those cameras to see if we talk or fall asleep during   class.
Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to accurately assess our monthly   performance."   "Seriously?!
I never knew that!"   Ike looked utterly shocked."
I just learned about the cameras."   "They're not easily spotted.
I also didn't notice until they talked about   points for the first time."   "Well, ordinary people don't typically concern themselves with hidden   cameras.
I mean, most wouldn't be able to directly point out the cameras in a   convenience store, even if they went there all the time, right?"   If that person did know, they probably had a guilty conscience or were   extremely nervous.
Or they might have accidentally spotted them.
Well,   considering we didn't need to search for a witness anymore, I thought it was   time to head home then.
Kushida and the others might discuss looking for   another witness.
It would be a pain in the butt to get sucked into that."
Ayanokouji-kun, do you want to head back together?" Horikita asked."
..............."   After hearing that invitation, I reflexively placed my hand against her   forehead.
It felt nice and cool, but I noticed the softness of her skin."
You do know I don't have a fever?
I only wanted to talk to you aboutsomething," she deadpanned."
Ah, okay.
That's fine."   It was rare for Horikita to invite me anywhere.
With the world going so   topsy-turvy, I wondered if it would rain tomorrow."
You two really have gotten close, huh?
I mean, you looked like you   were going to murder me after I just touched your shoulder yesterday, and   now..."   Ike looked at my hand on Horikita's forehead with seeming discontent.
Horikita, having noticed this, didn't change her expression as she spoke   to me."
Do you mind?
Your hand."   "Oh, sorry, sorry."   While I was relieved that Horikita offered no counterattack, I drew my   hand away.
I was on autopilot as the two of us stood in the hallway.
I could   roughly guess what Horikita wanted, but I didn't know exactly what she was   going to say."
That reminds me.
I want to make a stop before we return to the dorms.
Is that okay?"   "I don't mind, as long as it doesn't take too long."   "Of course.
It should only take about 10 minutes."4.
4   It was hot and humid after class.
I made my way over the special   building, where the incident had taken place.
It wasn't like a murder case   where the area needed to be taped off to prevent people from contaminating   the crime scene.
It didn't really look any different than usual.
I didn't see any   indication that this building's facilities were used frequently, like the special   classrooms, the home economics room, the AV room, etc.
This would have   been an ideal place to call Sudou out."
It's so hot..."   This heat was abnormal.
This was probably how summer at school   should feel, but I had at least imagined that inside the building would be   somewhat comfortable, the cool air balancing out the heat.
I guess I'd gotten   too used to air-conditioned buildings.
I felt even hotter because of that gap in   expectation.
The air conditioning was probably on during class time in the   special building, but it certainly wasn't right now."
Sorry for bringing you here."   Horikita, who was standing next to me, simply looked around the   hallway.
She didn't appear to be sweating at all."
You've really changed, haven't you?
It's odd that you stuck your neck   out in this case.
The witness has already been found, and we've confirmed   that there's nothing left to be done.
What are you even trying to do?" she   asked."
Sudou was the first friend that I made here.
I want to help him."   "Do you think that there's a way to prove his innocence?"   "I'm not so sure.
I can't really say yet.
I decided to take some initiative   by myself, since I'm not very good at interacting with Hirata, Kushida, or   large groups of people.
Being social's definitely not my forte.
I thought   everyone would make me run around the school or the classroom today, so I   decided to bolt instead.
I like to avoid trouble, remember?"   "That's certainly true.
But then, you're as contradictory as ever, since   you're helping out a friend.""Well, human beings are, for better or worse, creatures of   convenience."   I'd touched on this subject before with Horikita, but she did seem   relatively open to my ideas.
She usually acted alone, so as long as something   didn't harm her, she tended not to mind.
She wasn't the type to empathize   with someone else's pain, though."
Well, your way of thinking isn't relevant to me, Ayanokouji-kun, so   you're free to think whatever you like.
Also, I appreciate that you say those   two are hard to deal with."   "Well, that's just because you hate them, isn't it?"   "Having a common enemy tends to lead to cooperation."   "Number Just because I'm bad at dealing with them doesn't mean I hate   them.
Please don't think I'm like you."   I really did want to get closer to Kushida and Hirata.
But Horikita's   interpretation of my stance was rather broad, and she seemed to think that we   had similar thoughts on the matter.
Muttering, I walked to the end of the   hallway and scanned the corners, making sure not to miss any nooks or   crannies.
Horikita seemed to notice something, and began looking around.
She started to ponder."
Looks like there aren't any here.
Too bad."   "Huh?
What?" I asked."
Cameras, like the ones in the classrooms.
If there were cameras here,   we'd have solid evidence.
I can't find any."   "Ah, yes.
The security cameras.
You're certainly right about it.
If they   were here, this matter would be settled."   There were electrical outlets by the ceiling, but no signs they were   being used.
There was nothing in the hallway to obstruct a camera's view, so   if one were installed the whole incident would have been recorded from start   to finish."
Well, did the school have hallway cameras in the first place?"   It probably wasn't just the special building.
The hallways in the main   school buildings probably didn't have cameras, either.
"If I had to think of places where they wouldn't be installed, I'd   probably say the bathrooms and the locker rooms.
Right?"   "Yeah.
Most likely."   "If there were security cameras here, the school would have checked   them first and we wouldn't have any problems with this case."   I shook my head, embarrassed to have gotten my hopes up for even a   moment.
For a short while, we loitered around, wasting time and not really   achieving anything."
So, have you come up with a plan to save Sudou-kun?" Horikita   asked."
Of course I haven't.
It's your job to come up with plans, Horikita.
I   won't ask you to save Sudou, but it'd be nice for you to point Class D in the   right direction."   Horikita shrugged in exasperation.
She was probably thinking up a   response.
However, she was the one who'd found Sakura, so it wasn't like   she didn't want to help at all."
You're asking for my help?
To use me?
Me?
Here and now?"   "Having Sakura as our witness hurts us more than it helps.
I think it'd   be better if we looked for something else."   Horikita likely understood.
However, she was acting aloof, cut off from   the world, like she was too cool to care about anything."
Sudou has many qualities I can't stomach.
However, I want to lessen   the blame they're placing upon him.
The best possible outcome is we'll still   have some points, even if Class D's image worsens."   She sounded honest.
Normally, she wasn't quite so candid.
That wasn't   an especially bad thing.
However, most people aren't suited for loneliness.
Therefore, they sometimes behave hypocritically, like saving someone out of   feigned altruism in order to make other people adore them.
That didn't seem   to be Horikita's style, though.
Also, unlike Kushida and the others, she'd   completely given up on proving Sudou's innocence."
Like I said, unless a perfect witness appears, proving Sudou-kun's   innocence will be impossible.
If those Class C students admitted that they   lied, I suppose things might turn out fine.
Do you think that's likely?""No way.
They would never admit it."   The lie would stand, especially because the other class also lacked any   evidence.
That was what I thought, anyway.
Our only proof was Sudou's   word.
We were completely in the dark."
There's no one here after class."   "Well, that's obvious.
They only use the special building for club   activities."   One party, either Sudou or the Class C students, had summoned the   other to the special building.
After that, as if by destiny, the two enemies   started brawling.
In the end, Sudou had injured the others, and they'd   complained about it.
That was the whole case.
I definitely wouldn't come to a hot place like this unless someone had   brought me.
The humidity was suffocating.
I felt like if I stayed even a few   more minutes, my head would to explode."
Aren't you hot, Horikita?"   While the severe heat destroyed me, Horikita looked around with a   cool expression."
I'm fairly resilient when it comes to temperature.
Ayanokouji-kun,   you...
don't seem okay."   The heat was making me dizzy.
I moved towards the window, hoping   for some cool air.
I opened the window...
and then immediately slammed it   shut."
That was dangerous."   Opening the window had only let more hot air into the room.
Leaving it   ajar would've resulted in tragedy, I was sure of it.
When I thought about how   it would keep getting hotter all the way through August, I became depressed.
However, coming here today had given us results.
Things weren't   impossible..."
What are you thinking about right now?" Horikita asked."
Oh, nothing really.
Just that it's hot.
I've reached my limit."   It looked as though we'd done all we could, so we started back."
Ah.""Oops!"   Turning the hallway corner, I bumped into another student."
Sorry, are you okay?" I asked.
The impact of our collision wasn't very hard.
At the very least, neither   of us fell over."
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I was careless," she said."
Oh no, I'm sorry.
Wait...
Sakura?"   Mid apology, I realized just whom I'd run into."
Ah, um?"   Judging from her troubled response, she didn't know who I was.
After   staring for a moment, she seemed to recognize me as one of her classmates.
It's kind of pointless if you can only recognize somebody after a bout of   intense staring, though."
Ah, oh.
Well, you see...
My hobby is taking pictures, so..."   She showed me her phone's screen.
I hadn't really planned on asking   for details.
Besides, it wasn't particularly unnatural to use your phone.
Sakura   had probably thought we were returning to the dorms, and now she was   undoubtedly wondering why we were here."
You said it's your hobby?
What kind of pictures?" I asked."
Things like the hallway...
and the view outside the window.
Stuff like   that, I guess."   Just as Sakura finished her brief explanation, she noticed Horikita and   lowered her gaze."
Ah, um..."   "I have something I'd like to ask you, Sakura-san," Horikita said.
Sakura appeared uncomfortable, but Horikita, never one to pass up on   opportunity, stepped closer to her.
Sakura backed away, seemingly   frightened.
I tried to gently restrain Horikita, gesturing for her for stop   chasing Sakura."
G-goodbye.""Sakura." I called as she tried to hasten away."
You don't have to force   yourself."   I'd spoken up without thinking.
Sakura stopped, but didn't turn around."
You shouldn't feel obligated to appear as the witness, Sakura.
It'd be   pointless to force you to testify.
But if someone scary is trying to intimidate   you or something, please talk to us.
I have no idea how much I can help, but   I'll try."   "Are you talking about me?" Horikita muttered.
Ignoring the existence of such a scary monster, I decided to let Sakura   go."
I didn't see anything.
You've got the wrong person..."   She kept insisting she wasn't the witness.
So far, we'd been operating   based purely on Horikita's dogmatism and prejudices.
It was quite possible   that Sakura wasn't the witness, like she said."
Then that's fine.
However, if someone else tries to hound you about it,   please tell me."   Sakura went meekly down the stairs."
That was probably our one big shot, you know?
She probably came   here because she was still thinking about the incident."   "Since she's denied it, we can't force her to do anything.
Besides, you   do understand, Horikita?
A Class D witness wouldn't help our case much."   "Yeah, I suppose."   She would act according to her logic.
However, I didn't know what in   the world she was thinking.
That was why our investigation was at a   standstill."
Hey, you two.
What are you doing?"   We turned in response to the unexpected voice.
A beautiful girl with   strawberry-blonde hair stood behind us.
I recognized her, though I hadn't   ever spoken to her before.
She was a student from Class B, Ichinose.
Rumor   had it she was a superb student."
Sorry to interrupt you like that.
Do you have a moment?
Oh, if you   happen to be in the middle of a so-so date, though, I'd like you to break it upright away."   "It's nothing like that."   Horikita denied it immediately.
She was only quick to respond to   suggestions like that."
Ha ha, I see.
This place is a little too hot to be a date spot."   I had no connection with Ichinose.
I couldn't be sure, but she probably   didn't even know my name.
I was only one of many students to her.
Perhaps   she was an acquaintance of Horikita's?
Or a friend?
Number There was no way.
If   they suddenly said something like, "Oh wow, it's been too long!
How are   you?" and "I'm good, I'm good!" and embraced each other, I'd probably start   foaming at the mouth and then faint."
Do you have some business with us?" Horikita asked.
Horikita was on guard after Ichinose's sudden appearance.
She   probably didn't think that it was a coincidence Ichinose was trying to talk to   us."
Business, huh?
Well, it's more like 'What are you doing here?'"   "Nothing.
We're wandering around for no reason."   I would've liked to answer honestly, but the pressure of Horikita's gaze   made me fib."
For no reason, huh?
You're from Class D, aren't you?"   "Do you know us?"   "I've met you twice before.
We didn't talk directly, though.
I   remember seeing you in the library once, too."   It seemed that she somehow remembered me.
Perhaps I was kind of   cool."
I have a very good memory, you know."   Did she mean that if her memory weren't good, I wouldn't have much   an impression?
I'd been a little happy, but my levity died at the backhanded   comment."
I thought that surely there'd be something here related to the brawl.
I   wasn't here yesterday when Class B heard about the witness.
Later, I heardthat Class D was looking for evidence of Sudou's innocence."   "If we did happen to be here because of an investigation, what's your   connection?"   "Hmm, a connection?
Well, I'm not connected.
When I heard about   what happened, I had some doubts.
So I thought I'd come here myself to take   a look.
Would you mind filling me in?"   Was she really just simply interested?
After a brief period of silence,   Ichinose sheepishly spoke."
Guess not, huh?
Well, if the other classes were interested..."   "No, we're not saying no, but..."   "I can't help but think there's an ulterior motive," Horikita snapped.
I'd tried to handle this situation peacefully, but Horikita had promptly   obliterated that plan.
Ichinose, clearly sensing the hostility behind Horikita's   words, tilted her neck and smiled."
Ulterior motive?
You think we're working in the shadows to   undermine both C and Class D?"   Ichinose wore a baffled expression."
Do you need to be that on guard?
I'm really just curious, that's all."   "I don't want to talk with someone who is 'just curious.' Do what you   want."   Horikita tried to put some distance between them.
She peered out the   window."
Please tell me something.
All my teacher and friends say is that there   was some kind of fight."   I hesitated briefly, but since there wasn't much information to be   gained anyway, it may not have been worth keeping quiet.
So I explained the   situation.
I told her that three people from Class C had called Sudou over, and   there was a fistfight.
However, Sudou turned the tables on his would-be   attackers, and beat them up.
I also told her that after the fight, the Class C   kids filed a false report with the school.
Ichinose listened to the story intently."
So that's what happened.
This story hasn't made its way to Class B   yet.
Hey, isn't this a pretty big problem, though?
It doesn't really matter wholied since it's an issue about violence, right?
Shouldn't you be hurrying to   uncover the truth?"   "That's why we came here to look.
But we haven't really found much."   This wasn't anything like a murder case, so I'd doubted there'd be   many clear hints left for us to find.
However, contrary to our expectations, we   did get some results."
So you believe Sudou-kun because he's your classmate.
And your   friend, of course, that much is obvious.
So Class D is in an uproar because   Sudou is being falsely charged, right?"   It'd be difficult to convince a third party like Ichinose that we weren't   doing this out of friendship or class loyalty.
I wasn't going to try explaining   it."
What would you do if Sudou-kun was the liar?
Suppose evidence   came out that proved his guilt.
What then?"   "I'd report on it honestly.
After all, covering for a lie would only come   back to haunt us later."   "Yeah, okay.
I think so, too."   Even so, it wasn't like our struggles were really going to have any   impact on Ichinose."
Are you finished?
You heard what you wanted." Horikita spoke   sharply and with a sigh, trying to drive Ichinose away."
Hmm.
Yeah, how about I help you out?
To look for the witness, or   whatever.
You're bound to get further with more people, right?"   Obviously more people would have been better.
That was true.
However, it wasn't as though we'd gone up and said to her, "Please help us,   we're in trouble!"   "Why would a student from Class B offer to help?"   "Are Classes D and B completely unrelated to each other?
We don't   know when these cases will spring up, or whom they'll involve.
Since the   classes are in constant competition, there's always the chance that this will   happen.
This was the merely the first case.
If the party that lied wins, that'd   set a bad precedent.
Also, I personally can't turn away now that I know whathappened."   I couldn't tell whether Ichinose was being serious or joking."
If Class B works with you, wouldn't that dramatically improve your   credibility?
Though I suppose the opposite could be true, too.
Class D may   suffer greater consequences if the truth's uncovered..."   In other words, if Sudou lied, then that'd prove Class C's assertion.
In   that case, Sudou would unquestionably be suspended, and Class D might   suffer fatal damages."
What do you think?
I don't believe it's a bad suggestion."   I glanced over to see what Horikita thought.
However, she still had her   back to me.
She was still looking out the window, unmoving.
I wondered   what she thought about Ichinose's offer.
Of course, we were worried about   what effect this would have.
If Class D tried to prove Sudou's innocence by   themselves, our credibility would be low unless we managed to find evidence   that absolutely, 100 percent confirmed Sudou's innocence.
If a student from Class B got involved, there might be tremendous   implications.
I decided to weigh the offer's positives and negatives, even though it   was rude.
Obviously, I couldn't trust Ichinose yet.
She was a student from   Class B, and she gained nothing by involving herself.
If helping others out of   sheer goodwill was reflected in class or private points, then I could   understand her motivation.
It wouldn't be easy to ask, but she might have   important information.
The only way to be certain was to ask."
Let's accept her help, Ayanokouji-kun."   Horikita had made a decision, probably determining that the benefits   outweighed the risks.
I was grateful that she'd reached a decision so quickly.
I didn't really have the power to decide in the first place; that was Horikita's   job.
Ichinose smiled, showing off her white teeth."
Then it's decided!
Umm..."   "Horikita."   Horikita gave her name candidly, as if doing so approved our   cooperative relationship.
"It's nice to meet you, Horikita-san.
And you too, Ayanokouji-kun."   We had unexpectedly made Ichinose of Class B's acquaintance and   accepted her as an ally.
There was still the risk that this could lead to bad   things.
No matter what, things were going to change."
We already found a witness.
Unfortunately, it's a student from Class   D."   Ichinose let out an exasperated sigh."
Well, that means there isn't another witness.
I mean, I guess someone   from another class might have witnessed it, but it isn't likely."   Chances were certainly slim.
But there was still a chance."
Anyway, about your friend.
He's a first year, but he might become a   regular on the basketball team, right?
That's amazing.
Even if he's holding   you guys back right now, he might become a great asset later.
I mean, the   school evaluates club and philanthropic activities, right?
So if he enters a   tournament and does well, Sudou-kun could earn points.
Those'll be tied to   your class points, too.
Wait...
Did you guys not know that?
Did your teacher   not tell you?"   We'd only heard that it would influence our private points."
This is the first I'm hearing about it affecting our class points.
I'll   have to complain to Chabashira-sensei later," mumbled Horikita, a little   disgruntled.
This was yet another oversight, another instance where Chabashira-   sensei had failed to disclose something important.
I wondered if Class B had   heard about this from their teacher...
A usual, our teacher didn't even pretend to give us equal treatment.
I   felt discriminated against."
Your homeroom teacher is kind of weird," said Ichinose."
She doesn't seem motivated to tell us anything.
She's completely   apathetic.
Some teachers are like that."   I didn't think that it was particularly concerning, but Ichinose recoiled."
Did you know that the school evaluates homeroom teachers when   their class graduates?""This is the first I've heard of it.
Are you sure?"   I wasn't interested so much as I had no choice but to be interested.
That   was a crucial distinction."
Our homeroom teacher, Hoshinomiya-sensei, says it like it's her   motto.
She says she wants to do her best because the homeroom teacher for   Class A gets a special bonus.
Looks like it's pretty different for you guys."   "I'm envious of your relationship with your homeroom teacher.
And   your class environment."   Our teacher appeared to lack ambition, or even an interest in money.
It   felt like even if we collapsed into failure, she'd just say it was great."
I think it would probably be good for us to meet up and discuss   things."   "I never thought I'd receive aid from the enemy."   "This seems like a problem we need to address before we can fight.
We're not really on equal footing, are we?"   Other classes pitied us.
If anything, this showed how little interest   Chabashira-sensei felt for her own students."
I want to switch homeroom teachers with Class B."   "Well, I think that'd be difficult to manage."   I thought back to my first meeting with Hoshinomiya-sensei.
She   seemed to come with her own inherent difficulties as a teacher."
Ah, it's so hot in here!" Ichinose took out a cute handkerchief covered   in panda illustrations, and used it to gently wipe sweat from her forehead.
Our thick uniforms really trapped the heat."
A school that constantly runs air conditioning in empty buildings and   is unkind to the environment is the worst," Horikita said."
Ha ha ha, that's probably true.
You're pretty interesting." Ichinose   laughed, even though that wasn't really a joke."
I don't think there was anything funny in what I just said..."   "How about we exchange contact information, so things can progress   smoothly?"Horikita shot me a look that seemed to say, I don't want to do it.
Give   her yours."
If you're okay with having my info, here you go," I said."
Sure, got it."   After we'd exchanged information, I suddenly realized I had an   unexpected number of girls' contacts.
Though it was only the beginning of   July, I already had seven names and phone numbers in my address book,   three of them girls.
Perhaps...
I had plunged deeply into the joys of youth   without even realizing it.
Also, I learned that Ichinose's first name was   Honami-an unnecessary bit of information.
4.
5   Ichinose appeared serious about coming up with strategies and being a   trusted ally.
Every time she wanted permission to try something she'd contact   us, even though she'd already said to leave things to her.
I didn't think she   needed to limit herself so severely.
Upon returning to the dorms, I'd thought   that we'd go our separate ways, but Horikita followed me all the way to my   room.
She seemed to still want to talk."
Sorry for the intrusion," said Horikita as she entered the room, even   though no one else was there.
I wondered why I felt a little nervous being alone with Horikita behind   closed doors."
Oh, just to check, do you have one too?
A spare key?" I asked."
For your room?
Ike-kun asked earlier if I wanted one.
I refused."   Just as I'd expect from her.
It seemed she was the only one with any   common sense."
After all, it's rare for me to visit your room, Ayanokouji-kun.
Besides,   coming here is a shameful act in itself.
A disgrace.
Understand?"   I'd assumed she'd respond like that.
I wasn't hurt at all.
I definitely   wasn't thinking anything like, Wow, that was unexpectedly harsh."
Why are you tracing letters on the wall with your finger?"   "To hide my pounding heart.
Or something."   The scariest part was that she didn't really have any bad intentions.
I'm   sure that if asked, she'd probably say something like, "But I only spoke the   truth."   "Ayanokouji-kun, I want to hear your thoughts on Sudou-kun's case   once again.
Also, I find Kushida-san's actions a bit concerning."   "If you're concerned now, wouldn't it have been better to participate   earlier in the process?"   "Impossible.
The very person in question didn't recognize what was   happening.
I'm only now reluctantly offering to help for the sake of our class.
Frankly, I still think it would have been better to abandon him."   "Even though you pitched in to help Sudou during the midterm?"   "That was different.
Even if we managed to miraculously prove his   innocence, do you think he'll mature?
Saving him might have the opposite   effect."   Her defiant glare seemed to say, Do you understand my point?"
So you're giving up on proving Sudou's innocence and letting him   face punishment for his own sake?"   Horikita wore a slightly disgruntled expression, but then it looked like   realization struck."
Knowing Sudou's flawed personality, you realized from   the very beginning how difficult it would be to prove his innocence, didn't   you?
That way, it's easier to think he'd be better off accepting his   punishment.
Especially better for those who hate him."   Horikita seemed to want to add, "You thought the same thing, right?" I   felt like I'd been backed against a wall, unable to run.
If I tried to forcefully   deny, she would just dig deeper."
Well, wouldn't it be clear to anyone who took just a moment to   think?"   "Probably.
Kushida-san and Ike-kun and the others haven't noticed at   all, it seems.
They simply believe in Sudou-kun, and want to save him from   the lie for his sake and our class's sake.
They don't understand the urgency of   the situation."   Her remarks towards her classmates, those who'd already shared joy   and sorrow together, seemed completely merciless."
Kushida seems to understand at least a little bit, and despite that is   working to save Sudou," I said."
A little bit?
So she realized it by herself, then?"   "Huh?
Well, no, it..."   "You told her, didn't you?"   She cornered me with her words.
It was like being interrogated.
A little   scary."
You came up with the idea of getting the old test questions, andpurchasing exam points.
I can't say I'm surprised.
You do seem quite   cunning at times, but...
I'm dissatisfied."   Those who want to someday live honestly, must sometimes be cunning,   too."
Don't keep overestimating me," I replied.
Although it wasn't my intent, Horikita laughed.
However, her smile   immediately faded."
Honestly, there's so much about you that I don't understand.
You're a   mystery.
You're the most difficult person to predict in our class.
You're   versatile, yet you often idle your time away.
You never seem to stay still.
It's   as though you cannot be categorized."   "All of those are really questionable ways to describe someone.
They   aren't the sorts of things you'd say as praise..."   There were nicer ways to phrase all of that.
Horikita stared at me with   suspicion."
I guess what I should say is that you're just blending in and hiding   your true talents.
You're hiding in plain sight.
You disgust me more than   anyone else."   I see.
I wondered if being called out like that was normal.
It seemed I'd   taken the bait and gotten caught in Horikita's trap.
A small failure on my   part."
Come on, saying that I disgust you more than anyone else is going too   far.
Kouenji has his fair share of mysteries, too."   That was undoubtedly my trump card.
If I disgusted Horikita more than   he did, that would really hurt."
He's surprisingly easy to understand.
He studies well, is athletic, and   gets excellent grades.
His personality is the problem.
In the end, I can easily   categorize and summarize his behavioral problems in only a few words: he's   self-centered."   Honestly, that explanation was easy to understand.
Kouenji was simple,   after all."
You'd probably make a good teacher," I said.
At this rate, when she reached adulthood, she'd probably become a   teacher like Chabashira-sensei.
4.
6   There were four dorm buildings on campus.
Three were for students,   who stayed in the various dorms to which they were assigned from first   through third year.
In other words, our dorm building this year was the same   one where last year's third-year students had lived.
The fourth building   housed the instructors and school employees.
What I'm saying is that since all of the first year students lived in the   same building, inevitably we would meet students from the other classes.
Someone entered my field of vision.
Our eyes naturally met."
Thank you very much.
It's been a pleasure." The girl spoke these   grateful words to the dormitory manager, then called out to me."
Hey, Ayanokouji-kun!
Good morning.
You're early."   She had beautiful long, wavy hair and big eyes.
The second button of   her blazer strained over her large chest.
Her upright posture matched her   dignified personality.
I found myself more attracted to her cool temperament   than how cute she was.
Ichinose Honami, that first-year Class B student, had   found me again."
I woke up a little earlier today.
What were you talking about with the   manager?" I asked."
Some people from my class wanted to make requests about their   dorms.
I gathered everyone's thoughts on the matter and told the dorm   manager.
Stuff like water usage, noise, and so on."   "You did all that, Ichinose?"   Usually, individuals handled their own room issues.
I wondered why   Ichinose had gone to the trouble of gathering everyone's complaints."
Good morning, Class Rep Ichinose!"   Two girls who were getting off the elevator called out to Ichinose.
She   said hello back."
Class Rep?
Why Class Rep?" I asked.
I hadn't heard of any "class rep" position before.
Perhaps they calledher that because she seemed to study too much."
I'm my class's representative.
It seems like that, anyway."   "Your class's representative?
Do all classes except for D have someone   like that, too?"   That was the first I'd heard about this.
Normally I would've been   surprised, but considering who our homeroom teacher was, she'd probably   decided to leave that part out."
No, that's just something Class B set up on its own.
I think it's good   to have some assigned roles, right?"   I understood her point, but we certainly weren't going to assign our   own class representative."
Are there other positions besides class representative?"   "Yeah.
Whether or not they serve a function is a different question, but   we do have other roles for formality's sake.
Stuff like vice class   representative, and secretary.
They could be more useful when we have a   cultural fair, or sports festival, or something.
We could try deciding things on   the spot, but that might lead to trouble."   I recalled seeing Ichinose in the library before, studying with a small   group of boys and girls.
Even back then, she'd probably already been   fulfilling her class representative duties.
Most people wouldn't want to be   class representative.
They'd be forced to do annoying stuff, and it'd be   necessary to participate in face-to-face discussions about school matters.
However, with Ichinose taking the initiative for Class B, she probably didn't   foist things on others.
I'd bet she handled her duties smoothly."
Seems like you've taken the lead.
Of Class B, I mean."   Without meaning to, it appeared I'd expressed my honest feelings."
Do you think it's weird?
It's all purely informal.
Besides, there are   quite a few troublemakers.
We have to deal with a lot of stuff."   As she said, "We have to deal with a lot of stuff," Ichinose laughed.
The two of us began walking to school together."
Aren't you usually a little late?
This reminds me that I've never seen   you around this time."Ichinose's question sounded harmless, as if she were following some   kind of template.
After hearing those words, I felt a little relieved and   accomplished.
It seemed I could have normal, relationship-building   conversations after all."
I don't have to leave so early.
I usually hang around my room for   about 20 minutes."   "So I guess you make it just in the nick of time, then."   As Ichinose and I got closer to the school, the number of students   around us multiplied.
Strangely enough, some of the girls turned one after the   other and looked at us with envy.
Was this the so-called popularity phase I   was told would occur three times in my life?
I hadn't experienced it yet; it   was about time that I entered my first phase."
Good morning, Ichinose!"   "Good morning, Ichinose-san!"   Ichinose, who was walking next to me, monopolized all of the girls'   attention."
You sure are popular," I said."
I just stand out because I'm the class rep.
That's all."   It didn't seem like she was trying to act modest.
Apparently that's what   she truly thought.
She had this charismatic force about her that pulled   everyone's focus."
Ah, that reminds me.
Did you hear about summer break, Ayanokouji-   kun?"   "Summer break?
Number I mean, isn't it just summer break?"   "I've heard rumors that we might be taking a vacation to a tropical   island."   That sparked a memory.
I'd forgotten about it, but Chabashira-sensei   had mentioned a vacation."
I can't believe it, though.
Could we really go on a vacation?"   It probably wasn't a normal school field trip.
I mean, just look around.
It was no exaggeration to say that this school was fancy.
Going to a tropical   island in the summer and visiting a hot spring in the winter...
It was all incredibly suspicious.
I really didn't think our school was   going to be so good to be true.
They had to be keeping something from us.
I   wondered what Ichinose thought.
But I saw from her bitter smile that she also   had doubts."
It's suspicious, after all.
I think it's going to be a turning point."   "In other words, you think our class points could fluctuate wildly over   summer break?"   "Yeah, yeah.
I think there might be a hidden task, one that has a bigger   impact on us than the midterms or final exams.
Otherwise, the difference   between Class A and us wouldn't close much.
We could diminish the gap   little by little."   That was certainly true.
A big, earthshaking event might very well   occur soon..."
What's the difference between you and A?" I asked."
We have about 600 points, so our classes are around 350 points   apart."   It was only natural that their points would drop since the start of the   year, but it was amazing how many points they'd retained."
So far, the midterm is all that's given us a chance to raise our class   points, so losing at least a few points was unavoidable for us.
I mean, even   Class A has lost points."   However, as a result of the midterm, we'd managed to gain back   points."
You don't seem to be panicking."   "I'm concerned, but I think that there's a chance for us to make a   comeback.
I intend to focus all of my emotional energy on making those   preparations."   I thought the first part of what she'd said was definitely correct.
However, their cohesion as a class made such things possible.
Class D had   only managed to get 87 points this month.
We weren't anywhere close to   being able to compete with the others."
I wonder how much this event will change things?"It would probably be worth more than 10 or 20 points.
However, it was   difficult to imagine that it would change things by 500 or even 1,000 points."
We're in a tight spot ourselves.
If the gap widens any further, we   won't be able to catch up."   "I guess we both have to do our best, then."   Actually, the ones who had to work especially hard were Horikita,   Hirata, and Kushida."
At any rate, it doesn't seem like this will get worse." I didn't want to   complain, but I felt that something annoying was on the horizon."
But if we actually did vacation on a tropical island, that would be   awesome!"   "I wonder about that..." I said."
Huh?
That idea doesn't make you happy?"   Only people who have meaningful friendships can enjoy a vacation to   its fullest.
There's nothing quite as uncomfortable as traveling without close   friends, especially when you're traveling with a group.
Just imagining it   made me feel like throwing up."
Do you hate traveling?" Ichinose asked."
I don't hate it.
I don't think I do, anyway..."   While we chatted, I tried to imagine what it would be like.
I'd never   traveled with a friend before.
I had gone to New York with my parents a   long, long time ago.
Not a single millisecond of it had been fun.
Just   remembering that bitter time wore me out."
What's the matter?"   "Just recalled something a little bit traumatic."   My dry laugher echoed through the hot hallway.
No, this wasn't good.
If I let my negative aura spread, Ichinose would grow troubled.
However, it   seemed like my anxieties were unfounded.
Ichinose continued talking,   seemingly untroubled by my words."
Hey, I still have some things on my mind.
May I ask you some   questions?"Ichinose had a radiant presence, though it was different from   Kushida's.
I could say that she acted without an ulterior motive.
Even when   talking with a person like me, she put her best foot forward."
We've been separated into four classes from the start, right?
Do you   really think they separated us by ability?"   "I understand that it wasn't entirely tied to our exam results.
There are   people in our class that, based on grades, should have gotten into the top   ranks."   Horikita, Kouenji, and Yukimura were undoubtedly three people who   deserved to be at the top based on their academics alone."
So, do you think it's something like overall ability?"   I gave a noncommittal answer.
I'd thought about it many times, but   couldn't find a thorough explanation."
I've been thinking about it since we started here.
Someone might be   good at studying, but bad at physical activity.
Another might be good at   physical activities, but bad at studying.
But if students are ranked by overall   ability, doesn't that mean that the lower classes are at an overwhelming   disadvantage?"   "Isn't that how societal competition works, though?
I don't think   there's anything particularly strange about that," I said.
Ichinose crossed her arms and hummed to herself, as if she weren't   convinced."
If we were competing as individuals, sure.
But this is a competition   between classes, right?
If you simply put all of the superior students into   Class A, then doesn't that mean the rest of us have virtually no chance of   succeeding?"   That pretty much explained the current, miserable state of our class   points.
However, Ichinose seemed to think differently."
There's definitely a big difference between classes A through D right   now.
However, I think they're trying to hide something, but going about it in   a weird way.
Don't you agree?"   "Okay, I have to ask.
What's your reasoning?""Ha, no reason, really.
It's just something that popped into my head.
If   it weren't true, then it'd be fair to say the whole situation is cruel.
I think that   good students and good athletes were placed into Class D for a reason, as a   countermeasure."   Wasn't that different from the usual system, though?
If the classes were   solely divided according to academic ability, there'd be no way to win   against the others.
In a system like this, it was important to be an expert in   many different fields."
Wouldn't it be wiser not to talk to someone from another class about   this?" I asked Ichinose, feeling slightly worried."
Hmm?
About what?"   "About what you said just now.
Horikita already mentioned this, but   you're helping the enemy."   After all, it was possible she could've given me a valuable hint, and I'd   do something with it."
I don't think so.
There's a lot to be gained from an exchange of ideas.
Also, since we're cooperating now, there shouldn't be any problems."   She wasn't complacent about being in Class B.
That was just   Ichinose's natural personality.
I could understand her disposition and way of   thinking.
At any rate, she was a good person with no hidden side to her."
I'm not smart enough to engage in an exchange of ideas.
All I can say   is, 'I'm sorry.'"   "I don't mind if I'm the one who does the talking and thinking.
If you   think it's helpful information, then it's okay for you to use it."   Ichinose stopped, almost as if she'd just remembered something.
I tried   reading her face, noting that she wore a serious expression."
Hey...
There's something I want to ask you, Ayanokouji-kun.
Is that   okay?"   It was like that bright, cheery Ichinose of a moment ago had   disappeared.
My body stiffened slightly."
If it's something I can answer, I will."   Besides, what question couldn't I answer with my massivelyimpressive brain, filled with the knowledge of a hundred million books?
(A   huge lie, of course.
)   "Has a girl ever confessed her feelings to you?"   That...
wasn't in the any of the hundred million books I'd read."
Really?
Do I look like a guy who's ever had a girl confess her feelings   to him?"   Was she going to call me disgusting, or a virgin, or a shitty moron?
Would I cry?
I was still only a first-year high school student, you know?
It   was way too early for this.
Right?
Hey.
You think so too, right?
Besides, I   was certain that, proportionally, the number of people who had confessed   their feelings was low compared to those who hadn't.
It was a baseless   theory, though.
Who knew the real number of people who had died in   solitude, hidden in the shadows of humanity's prosperity?"
Oh no, I'm sorry.
It's nothing."   It didn't look like it was nothing.
However, it did look like she didn't   plan to make fun of me.
Rather, she was actually worried about something."
Did someone confess to you?" I asked."
Huh?
Oh, yeah.
Kind of."   It seemed like many students were striving every day to couple up like   Hirata and Karuizawa."
Well, if you're okay with it, can you spare a little time after class?
I   have some questions about confessions.
I know all too well how busy you are   with the incident right now, but..."   "Sure, that's okay.
I don't really have much to do."   "Don't have much to do?"   "I don't think there's much point in looking for evidence or another   witness.
Doing that would be a waste of time and a headache."   "But you went to the scene of the crime the other day to investigate,   right?"   "That was for something else.
Anyway, it's fine."   "Thank you."I wondered what all this confession stuff had to do with me.
Had she   made up a lie like "Ayanokouji is my boyfriend" to mislead people?
I   considered it for a moment, but then thought it'd be smarter for her to use a   more reliable, pretty boy."
I'll be waiting at the school entrance after class."   "O-okay.
I understand."   Even though I knew absolutely nothing was going to happen, I was   pretty excited.
That was what being a man was all about.
4.
7   Students overflowed through the school doors as they made their way   home.
I was a little worried about finding Ichinose, but my anxieties quickly   disappeared.
She stood out even in this sea of students.
Although her cuteness   could have been one reason why, she also had the type of presence that   dominated wherever she was.
To be honest, I didn't really know how to describe it.
I could only   describe it as an intoxicating, gentle power.
A power that was amplified by   how many of the first-year students recognized her.
It was similar to Kushida,   but even more so.
Ichinose was popular with boys and girls alike.
They   greeted her one after another.
Because of that, I wasted about five minutes   just trying to find the right time to call to her myself."
Ah.
Ayanokouji-kun.
Over here, over here!"   Ichinose eventually noticed me and called me over.
Pretending like I'd   only just arrived, I casually raised my hand."
So, what should I do next?" I asked."
I plan to finish this as soon as possible.
Follow me."   I put on my shoes and followed Ichinose to the other side of the   building.
We arrived at a spot right behind the gymnasium.
This did seem   like the kind of place where someone would confess their feelings."
Now then..."   Ichinose took a deep breath, and faced me.
No way...
Did Ichinose   plan to confess to me?!"
I think..."   No way, there was no way this could-   "I think someone will confess their feelings to me here," she said."
Huh?"   With that, Ichinose took out a letter and showed it to me.
It was a cute   love letter adorned with a heart sticker.
Although she wanted me to read it, it   felt rude to look.
The handwriting was pretty, much like the letter's exterior.
The handwriting was cute, definitely not like a boy's.
I noticed something that concerned me.
The meeting time and location   were written in the letter.
It was set for Friday evening at 4:00 PM, behind the   gymnasium.
That was about 10 minutes from now."
Wouldn't it be better if I weren't here?" I asked."
Love is kind of alien to me.
I don't how to respond without hurting   her feelings.
I also don't know if we can stay good friends afterwards.
I want   you to help me."   "I don't really think I'm the person to ask for this.
I don't have any   experience with romantic confessions.
There are probably other people in   Class B who could help."   "The person confessing her feelings to me...
is from Class B."   Ah, that's what it was.
I now understood why she'd asked me to come."
I'd like for you to keep this secret.
If not, things will probably get   unpleasant.
Knowing you, Ayanokouji-kun, I doubt you'll go around telling   people."   "But Ichinose, aren't you used to people confessing their feelings to   you?"   "Huh?!
N-no way.
Not at all!
I've never experienced this before."   If she hadn't told me herself, I absolutely would not have believed it."
I really don't understand why this is happening."   I didn't think this confession was surprising, because Ichinose was so   cute.
Furthermore, judging how she'd interacted with the other students, she   had a great personality."
So...
will you please pretend to be my boyfriend?"   Whoa!
Had this situation seriously devolved into such a cliche??"
I did a bit of research, and discovered that the rejected person hurts   less if the object of their affection is already in a relationship..."   "I understand that you don't want to hurt anyone, but won't it be worse   if they find out you lied?"   "I could say that you and I broke up, or that you left me or something."I didn't think that was the solution here..."
Honestly, I think it would be much better for you to talk with this   person one-on-one.
Truthfully."   "But- Ah!"   Ichinose seemed to have noticed something, and awkwardly raised her   hand.
Apparently the person in question had arrived earlier than expected.
What in the world kind of visual kei guy was this person?
The new arrival   had a boyish, androgynous face.
He was even wearing a skirt.
No, no.
First impressions aside, she was a girl.
I'd suspected as much   after seeing her handwriting.
Unlike when a boy revealed romantic feelings   for another boy, this confession would probably be smooth.
I might've   thought that because I was a guy myself, though."
Um, Ichinose-san...
Who is this person?"   The new girl seemed a bit unnerved by the unexpected appearance of a   male student."
This is Ayanokouji-kun, from Class D.
I'm sorry for bringing   someone that you don't know, Chihiro-chan."   "Is he by any chance...
your boyfriend, Ichinose-san?"   "Ah...
Well..."   Ichinose probably meant to say that yes, yes I was.
But guilt over lying   seemed to stopper her answer.
The words got stuck in her throat."
So why is this Ayanokouji-kun person here?"   Confused by this unexpected situation, Chihiro began to cry.
Tears   welled up in her eyes.
Is he her boyfriend?
Why would he be here if he wasn't?
Chihiro was   probably struggling to understand what was going on.
Ichinose, seeing   Chihiro's tears, grew flustered.
Uncertain of what to do, she started   panicking.
I'd expected Ichinose to be a stalwart, reliable person, but   apparently she had an unexpected weak point."
Um, do you mind going somewhere else, please?
I have something   important that I need to talk with Ichinose-san about," Chihiro said."
P-please wait a minute, Chihiro-san.
That's, um...
Well, to tell youthe truth, Ayanokouji-kun is..."   Ichinose was trying to make the first move and turn her down.
She   probably thought it would be harder if Chihiro directly said, I like you."
What is it?" Chihiro asked."
So, Ayanokouji-kun, he's...
Well, he's my-"   There was nothing I could do in this situation.
Well, nothing except..."
I'm just a friend."   I cut Ichinose off before she could finish."
Ichinose.
I didn't think this was something I should say, considering   no one's ever confessed to me before.
But I think it was a mistake for you to   call me here."   I spoke honestly, for both their sakes."
It's true that confessing your feelings isn't easy to do.
You spend   every day in complete anguish, as you create the experience in your head   over and over.
And yet, you still can't confess your feelings.
Even when you   think the time has come to actually do it, you can't say the words 'I like you'.
They get stuck in your throat.
That's what I think.
Don't you think you   should answer someone when they desperately long to express their feelings?
If you make the situation unclear, both of you may regret it later."   "Uh..."   Ichinose had probably never experienced seriously falling in love with   someone before.
Therefore, she didn't really know what to do, or if she were   doing something wrong.
Trying to prevent someone's pain was useless.
If   you turned someone down, their feelings would inevitably be hurt.
Well, if you managed to come up with a suitable excuse, you probably   could make things a little easier.
An excuse like "I want to concentrate on my   studies" or "There's someone else that I like." Or, like what Ichinose had   attempted here: "I'm already dating someone." But no matter what answer   you gave, the other person would definitely be hurt.
Even more hurt if the excuse were built on a lie.
I left without waiting for Ichinose's reply.
I headed back, but didn't   return to the dormitory right away.
Instead I stopped by the tree-linedpathway, leaned against the handrail, and sighed as I looked up at green   leaves.
About five minutes later, a girl ran past me.
There were tears in her   eyes.
Despite that shocking image, I loitered there a while longer to kill time.
Around sundown, Ichinose trudged back from the gym and walked over to   me."
Ah..."   Upon seeing me, she looked a little awkward and hung her head.
But   then she immediately glanced back up at me."
I was wrong.
I didn't respect Chihiro-chan's feelings.
I just wanted to   avoid hurting her, and to run away.
That was my mistake.
Love is really   tough, huh?" Ichinose muttered as she leaned against the handrail next to me."
I asked her if we could carry on like usual, but...
I don't know if we can go   back to how things were."   "That depends on you both."   "Yeah...
Thanks for today.
For coming along with me for such an odd   request."   "It's okay.
Days like this happen, anyway."   "I guess our positions got reversed, huh?
I planned on helping you, but   then you ended up helping me."   "I'm sorry for acting so full of myself back there," I said.
Ichinose blinked a couple of times, as if I'd said something odd."
There's no need for you to apologize, Ayanokouji-kun.
None at all."   She stretched her arms towards the sky, and hopped off the railing."
Now it's my turn to help you.
If there's anything I can do, I will."   I wondered how Class B's Ichinose Honami planned to resolve this   difficult situation.
I had to admit, I was looking forward to seeing it.
4.
8   That evening, I got a call as I was doing some online shopping.
My   phone was plugged into the wall next to my bed when suddenly its screen lit   up.
Caller ID displayed the name: Kushida Kikyou.
I did a double take to   make sure of what I saw.
Knowing I wouldn't have the guts to call her back, I   rolled my chair across the room, snatched my phone off the stand, and dove   onto the bed."
I'm sorry for calling you so late.
You're still up?" she asked."
Hmm?
Oh.
I was thinking of going to bed in a little bit.
Did you need   something?"   "Sakura-san's digital camera was broken, right?
I feel like I'm partially   to blame since I made her so flustered.
So I wanted to take responsibility for   that..."   "I don't think you should feel responsible, Kushida.
Not in the least.
Besides, she's going to get it fixed, right?
Since it's so important to her,   wouldn't she get it repaired no matter what?"   However, as I spoke I realized it probably wasn't that simple.
Sakura   was extremely inept at social interaction, and probably lacked the self-   confidence to go to a store by herself.
It was probably similar to how   someone might feel about dining alone in a restaurant.
It was a little hard to believe she could be that shy, but in this world   there were all sorts of different people with different personalities.
So it   wasn't particularly surprising to find a person who lacked all communication   skills, right?"
So, did you offer to help her then, Kushida?" I asked.
She'd probably been proactive about establishing some common   ground with Sakura."
Yeah.
She seemed hesitant at first, but then said that she'd be fine   with the day after tomorrow.
I think that Sakura's digital camera is probably   really important to her."   Kushida had done a wonderful job taking the proper first steps to earnSakura's trust."
But why are you telling me this?
Won't it go more smoothly if it's just   the two of you?"   "If we were just going to get it repaired, I suppose.
But, there's another   thing.
I'd like your help with it, Ayanokouji-kun."   "Do you want me to ask if she knows anything about Sudou's   incident?"   "Horikita-san seems convinced that Sakura saw everything.
After   getting a bit closer to Sakura-san, I also think she knows something.
But there   has to be some reason why she's keeping quiet, since she keeps denying that   she witnessed it."   While taking Horikita along would probably be the best option, it was   delusional to think that Horikita and Kushida would spend their day off   together.
Kushida had probably chosen me through the process of   elimination, as I was the least harmful candidate.
If she'd invited Ike or   Yamauchi along, they would have had eyes only for Kushida.
Moreover, it was convenient.
I'd wanted to visit the electronics store   for a while now.
I sat up and leaned against the wall.
For some reason, it felt   kind of rude to make plans while lying down."
Okay, I understand.
Let's go."   My voice cracked with a little too much excitement.
Fortunately,   Kushida didn't seem to notice anything strange, and didn't press me about it.
I chatted with Kushida about this and that for a little while.
I didn't get too   worked up over the conversation; it was casual, so there was nothing to be   nervous about.
It was proof that she could invade my personal space without   causing discomfort.
In my mind, I'd firmly recognized her as my friend."
That reminds me.
It was really scary when Kouenji-kun and Sudou-   kun looked like they were about to start fighting."   "Yeah.
It was a critical situation.
It looked like their fists were going to   do the talking for them."   Kouenji always seemed laid-back, but if Sudou started taking swings at   him, he would fight.
If that happened, it'd be a disaster."
I couldn't even move.
Hirata-kun was so amazing, though.
He'sdefinitely an admirable person."   "Yeah."   Hearing her praise Hirata like that made me a little jealous.
I reminded   myself that it was only natural to admire someone with the courage to step up   in a situation like that."
Class D was able to come together, thanks to you and Hirata.
The fact   that the boys and girls are separated plays a big part, too."   Sometimes, only a girl could solve another girl's issues."
I'm just doing what I normally do.
It wasn't anything special."   "I think Hirata would definitely say the same thing."   Oftentimes, special people did not consider themselves special."
Speaking of special, don't you think that Horikita-san is way more   special than someone like me?
She's great at studying and excels at sports.
It   makes me wonder why she's in Class D."   Horikita wasn't special.
She belonged to a unique class of people.
I   kept quiet, though, afraid that if I badmouthed her she'd find out about it."
Wasn't she assigned to Class D in part because she's not very   sociable?"   "But doesn't she behave normally with you, Ayanokouji-kun?"   "You think that's normal?"   Based on the Horikita I knew, I'd have to describe the way she treated   others as miserable...
I trembled a little to recall Ike fainting in agony."
When I think of my relationship with Horikita, it's like there's a wall   between us.
Or perhaps I should say that's the extent of our relationship, if   you understand what I'm getting at."   "Hmm?"   She sounded amused yet slightly doubtful.
I didn't like being   misunderstood by Kushida."
Ah, that reminds me.
I wanted to ask you something.
Your room is on   the ninth floor, right, Kushida?""Huh?
Ah, yeah, it is.
Why?
What about it?"   "Oh, no reason.
Just curious."   Suddenly, Kushida fell silent.
It was unexpected silence, without   warning.
Our conversation, which had been smooth up until now, came to a   screeching halt.
Usually, Kushida would resume the conversation   immediately, but now she'd stopped.
Perhaps asking her floor number had   been in bad taste?
I started fidgeting.
Unable to calm down, I began pointlessly looking   into every corner of my room.
Ah, if only I were a pretty boy with excellent   communication skills.
I couldn't help but wish for that.
We were so quiet that   we could hear each other breathing."
It's getting late.
Should I hang up now?" I asked, unable to bear the   silence.
It was painful to stay on the phone with a girl and not say anything."
Hey-"   "Hmm?"   Kushida broke the silence, but then stopped talking again.
Her   hesitation was unusual.
This was a far cry from the usual Kushida, who   always tried to brighten the conversation."
I-If...
Well...
I...
I-"   She stopped talking again.
Another period of silence followed.
Five   seconds, then ten seconds passed."
No, it's nothing."   That sure didn't seem like nothing...
However, I lacked the courage to say, "Hey, what is it?
Spill!" to her,   so I let it go.
Sorry, Kushida.
If I were on the battlefield, I'd be the sniper, the   chicken who would stay far away from the fighting.
Forgive me."
Well, I'll see you the day after tomorrow, Ayanokouji-kun."   With that, Kushida ended the call.
I wondered what she'd been trying   to say.
I felt like it was going to be a bad, sleepless night.
4.
9   On Sunday afternoon, I went to the shopping mall to meet Kushida   and fulfill my promise.
For someone who generally spent Saturdays lounging   in his room, this place made me nervous.
One person was sitting on a bench   up ahead.
I wondered if that person were waiting for someone, like me.
After   all, most students just went around freely on their days off.
While pondering   the matter, I sat down on the other available bench.
I'd thought we would go together since we lived in the same dorm, but   Kushida was a little fastidious when it came to these things.
I decided it'd be   better if we met at the agreed location."
Good morning!"   In the surrounding hustle and bustle, Kushida drew nearer, a wide   smile on her face."
O-oh, hey.
Good morning."   My heart started pounding.
I fumbled over my words and managed an   awkward wave."
Sorry.
Were you waiting long?"   "Oh no, I just got here."   Our back and forth felt like the template for a date.
I unintentionally   glanced over Kushida's whole body.
She was cute.
Kushida was really cute.
Seeing Kushida in casual attire for the first time was so overwhelming,   I couldn't look away."
This is the first time we've met up on a day off.
It's refreshing."   Kushida laughed, maybe because she felt the same way.
What the heck   was with that cute smile?
Something that adorable was against the rules.
Perhaps Ike and the others hadn't seen this before.
Did that make me happiest   of all?
I had to contain my excitement in front of her.
Kushida spoke up, as if   she had just remembered something."
Weren't you really busy during your downtime last week?
I'm glad   that you came despite that, Ayanokouji-kun."Last week?
Really glad I came despite that?
What the heck was she   talking about?"
I'm talking about Ike-kun and the others going to that cafe?, of course."   This was the first I'd heard about it.
I didn't recall any previous, hidden   event."
By any chance..." Kushida began."
A-ah.
That's it.
Now that you mention it, I didn't...
I didn't hear about   it."   I looked up to the heavens and lamented my worthlessness.
It's not like   Ike and the others were bad for not inviting me.
I was the bad guy, the one   who hadn't been invited."
I didn't mean anything...
I'm sorry, I guess I said something   wrong..."   "Don't worry about it.
Really, I don't care.
Was it fun?"   "You do seem to care..."   If I handled this poorly, instead of being the happiest I'd ever been with   Kushida, it'd be the worst.
Even if it was for just a moment, spending time   alone with her made me feel like the luckiest guy.
The students who passed   us would occasionally steal a glance at Kushida in her casual clothes.
In the   case of passing couples, the girlfriend would appear upset and grab her   boyfriend by the cheek.
Even though I was the one with Kushida, I couldn't   help but feel bewitched by her cuteness.
Please view the Illustration.
What the heck?
I was really flattering Kushida a lot.
What I'd said had   been completely true, but there was also a whiff of bashfulness."
What's the matter?"   Kushida froze, which I thought was strange.
Every movement she   made, or didn't make, was cute."
I think we've had really nice weather lately."   Worried that we were heading into cliche?d territory, I steered the   conversation in another direction.
I needed to calm down.
How many times   had I used the word "cute" today?
At this rate, I'd probably end up using it   100 or 200 times."
Ah.
Sorry.
I think I might look a little out of place next to you," I   muttered.
I could easily move.
I looked simple.
I didn't look good next to   Kushida by any standard."
No, no, that's not true at all.
I think we're great together," she replied."
So, you're saying someone simple like me is a good match for you?
I   should accept an insult like that?"   "Yeah."   I felt the quick thrust of a knife.
Maybe I'd dug my own grave by   setting myself up like that, but it was still a shock."
You're that surprisingly delicate, Ayanokouji-kun?
I don't really care   what others say.
I don't think it's an insult at all.
I really think we suit each   other."   I felt like she was teasing me somehow.
Normally, I'd get angry, but   since this was Kushida talking it just felt unfair.
She'd teased me so casually   with only a few words."
So, what about Sakura-san?"   "I don't see her yet."   It was the exact time we'd agreed to meet, but there still was no sign of   her."
But was she okay with it?
Inviting me out, I mean.""She asked me to invite you, Ayanokouji-kun.
Didn't Sakura-san   contact you?"   "Sakura?
Number I haven't really talked to her."   I recalled meeting up with Sakura at the special building.
That had   been about the extent of our contact."
Perhaps it was love at first sight?" I said, laughing and grinning.
Such   a dramatic scenario would be absolutely ridiculous."
Right now, how about we sit and wait?"   "Sure.
Well...
Hey, uh, isn't that Sakura-san sitting next to us?"   Sakura, clearly flustered and indeed sitting on the bench next to us,   stood and gave a sheepish bow.
Had Sakura really been sitting there the   entire time?
Amazing that we hadn't noticed her at all.
Not a sign of her   presence or aura."
I'm sorry, I don't stand out much, I suppose...
Good morning,"   Sakura said."
No, I don't think you blend in too much.
I definitely felt your   presence," I said."
Oh, you don't need to say that for my sake, Ayanokouji-kun."   Sakura bowed her head apologetically, and slowly straightened.
I   wanted her to forgive me for not noticing her.
Sakura was wearing a hat, and   even a surgical face mask, which made it difficult to recognize her at a   glance.
I wondered if she'd caught a cold or something."
You kind of look suspicious..."   "Rather than saying you look suspicious, I think you actually stand out   more."   "Yeah, I suppose so.
I think I do stand out, especially here," Sakura   responded.
Sheepishly, she removed her mask.
She didn't seem to have a cold.
Rather, she seemed like the type to   wear the mask in order to avoid attention.
She must have really hated   standing out."
So anyway, about my digital camera.
Is it okay if we go to the   electronics store in the mall?" Sakura asked.
"Well, yes.
We did certainly come here to get the camera fixed."   "I'm sorry...
for making you come along with me."   Sakura bowed apologetically, as though begging forgiveness from the   bottom of her heart.
For some reason, I felt sorry for coming here.
4.
10   There were some incredibly famous, nationally known stores that did   business with our school.
Even though their customers were only students   and the stores themselves weren't too very big, they sold items for everyday   use and electronic appliances."
Let's see, I'm sure they have a repair counter somewhere.
Let's check   it out."   While Kushida headed towards the back of the store, I wondered just   how many times she'd come here.
Sakura and I followed close behind."
I wonder if they'll fix it right away..."   Sakura, looked rather anxious as she took out her digital camera and   held it tight."
You really love your camera, don't you?" I asked."
Yeah.
It's weird, isn't it?"   "No, not at all.
It's a good hobby to have, isn't it?
I get the feeling   there's a significant story attached to that camera.
It'd be great if they fixed it   soon."   "Yeah."   "There it is!
The repairs counter."   The store was crowded with a huge number of products and difficult to   navigate, but towards the back was the place where they handled repairs."
Ah..."   For some reason, Sakura suddenly stopped in her tracks.
When I   glanced over at her, I noticed she was wearing an expression of blatant fear   and revulsion.
It seemed that something had upset her quite a bit.
However,   when I followed Sakura's line of sight, I saw nothing out of the ordinary."
What's the matter, Sakura-san?" Kushida asked.
She also must've thought Sakura's behavior was strange."
Ah, umm...
Well..."Although it seemed like she was about to say something, all Sakura did   was shake her head and take a deep breath."
It's nothing."   She donned an earnest smile, and walked to the repair counter.
Kushida   and I exchanged looks, but decided to follow her.
Maybe it really was   nothing, like she said.
Kushida talked to the store clerk and asked him to   repair the digital camera.
Meanwhile, incredibly bored, I checked out the   appliances on display.
Kushida's worldly wisdom was certainly impressive.
Even though it   was her first time meeting the store clerk, she was soon talking to him as if   they were longtime friends.
Sakura, the camera's owner, spoke only when   she needed to give her consent or to clarify something.
Even so, the store   clerk appeared pretty fired up.
He aggressively engaged Kushida in   conversation, without even pausing for a breath.
Although I could just barely   hear the conversation, it sounded like he was asking Kushida on a date.
He   asked if she wanted to see a certain female idol's concert, which was being   screened over in the theater.
He seemed like quite the otaku, judging from how passionate he was   about a wide range of subjects, from idol elections to idol magazines.
Because Kushida didn't show any signs of disliking the conversation, he   probably thought he could successfully ask her out.
However, I believed she   would try her hardest to sidestep the invitation.
He seemed to be getting excited over talking to such a cute girl, but   their conversation didn't proceed any further.
As I'd expected, Kushida   began to feel awkward.
In order to conclude their business, she urged Sakura   to hand over the camera.
When the store clerk opened up the camera to   confirm the contents, he saw that part of it had been damaged from the fall.
That was why the camera wouldn't turn on properly.
Fortunately, because   Sakura still had the warranty card, the item could be repaired free of charge.
Finally, all Sakura had to do was fill out her contact information, and   we'd be done.
But Sakura's hand suddenly stopped as she filled out the form."
Sakura-san?"   Kushida, thinking that something strange was going on, called out to   Sakura.
She seemed to be hesitating for some reason.
I didn't intend to sayanything at the time, but her attitude seemed to weigh on my mind.
And also   -   The store clerk, who had previously been absorbed in his conversation   with Kushida, now stared directly at Sakura.
Both Sakura and Kushida were   looking down at the form, so they didn't notice.
But the clerk had unsettling   eyes.
Even men would find it a little creepy."
Can I see that for a second?" I asked."
Huh?"   Standing next to Sakura, I reached for the pen she was holding.
She   didn't seem to understand why I wanted it, but she anxiously handed it over."
When the repairs are finished, please contact me."   "H-hey, wait a minute.
Contact you?
She's the owner, isn't she?
That   would be..."   "The manufacturer warranty explicitly shows where the item was sold   and the date of purchase.
Also, I doubt there'd be any legal problems with me   putting my information down.
It should be perfectly fine if the user's name is   different than the purchaser's."   Before the clerk could say "I understand", I'd entered my name and my   dorm room number into the required fields."
Or, is there a reason why she specifically has to enter her   information?" I added, still without looking back up."
N-no, not at all.
I understand.
There's nothing to worry about," the   clerk said.
Shortly after I'd completed the form, I handed it over with the camera.
Sakura gently patted her chest and sighed in apparent relief, but when she   learned it'd take two weeks for the camera to be repaired, she grew   discouraged.
Her shoulders slumped."
That clerk sure was something else.
He talked with such incredible   passion, I was just so shocked," Kushida said."
Didn't you feel kind of disgusted?" Sakura asked."
N-no, I wasn't disgusted by him.
Do you know something?
About that   clerk?"Sakura gave a meek nod.
I guessed that something had been off even   when she first purchased the camera.
Turning to me, she asked, "What do   you think, Ayanokouji-kun?"   "Well, he had this sort of vibe, like he's kind of hard to approach.
Especially for girls."   "That was kind of what I was trying to get at before...
I was scared to   go to the repair shop alone because of that..."   Kushida seemed to have an epiphany.
She turned to me with wide eyes."
Did you know about this, Ayanokouji-kun?"   "Well, she's a girl.
I thought she might be reluctant to write down her   address or cell phone number."   Being a guy, I wouldn't be troubled if my information got out there."
Th-thank you...
Ayanokouji-kun.
You really...
saved me."   "Nah, I didn't really do anything.
I just wrote down my address.
When   they contact me about the repairs, I'll get in touch with you right away,   Sakura."   Sakura nodded, looking glad.
If that's all it takes to please you, then it   actually makes me sorry for you."
You really looked out for Sakura-san," Kushida said."
Well, you're making it out to be bigger than it was.
Honestly, I was   only watching out for that rather weird clerk.
I guess he gave the impression   that he really, really loved girls."   "Ha ha...
That's certainly true."   Even Kushida appeared nonplussed.
For someone like Sakura, though,   who wasn't accustomed to fawning male attention, I thought it was the right   answer."
Since you were with me today, Kushida-san, we completed our task   without me having to talk at all.
Thank you."   If Sakura had faced that store clerk one-on-one, she probably would've   run away."
Oh, no need to thank me.
If you're okay with my help, then I'm happyto lend a hand any time.
Sakura-san, you really like your camera.
Don't   you?"   "Yeah...
I've liked cameras ever since I was little.
My dad bought me   one before I entered junior high, and I absolutely fell in love with it.
Or I   suppose you could say that I just love taking pictures...
I'm not really well-   informed when it comes to this stuff, though."   "I think being knowledgeable and liking things are separate matters.
It's wonderful to be so passionate about something."   "Sakura, you usually take pictures of landscapes, right?
Do you ever   take pictures of people?"   "Huh?!"   Sakura stepped backwards, looking quite flustered.
Did she find that   question unpleasant?
It'd seemed like an extremely natural question to ask.
Like, did she just take pictures of landscapes or were they her specialty?
Sakura shut her mouth, and her body stiffened."
Th-that's a secret."   Well then.
It sounded like she didn't want to go into the details with   me."
W-well, it's just...
It's embarrassing," replied Sakura, her cheeks   reddening.
She looked down as she spoke.
Although my imagination ran wild, I couldn't let it show on my face.
I   had to remain neutral."
Oh hey, that reminds me.
Sorry to ask, but since we're here, is it okay   for me to look around the store?"   "Was there something you wanted?"   It wasn't so much that I wanted something, as there was something on   my mind."
The two of you can wander around, if you want."   "I think we'll come in, too.
Right?" Kushida said."
S-sure.
After all, I feel bad you both had to come with me...
Besides,   I do have the time."I didn't exactly want them there, but apparently they'd decided to come   along.
Kushida and Sakura.
When I watched the two of them walk side by   side, I realized that they'd managed to grow closer in just one day.
Kushida, I   wish you'd share a little of your people skills with me.
Since they seemed to be having girl talk, I decided to leave them alone   and went to look for what I wanted.
I went into my phone's contacts.
Back   when Ike had involved me in the whole gambling thing, I'd exchanged   contact information with some people.
Even though I still only had a few   names in my address book, it was clear that my number of friends was   increasing.
I selected the name "Sotomura (Professor)" and called him."
Hey Professor, do you have a minute?"   "Hmm?
It's rare to get a call from you, Ayanokouji.
What do you   need?"   Sotomura's nickname was Professor, which undoubtedly made it sound   like he was rather intelligent.
In reality, he was just a huge otaku.
He gathered   information daily, comprehensively spanning a wide variety of topics, from   dating sims to anime and manga."
Professor, did you buy your laptop computer from the school, with   your points?"   "Yes, I most certainly did.
It cost 80,000 points.
But what of it?"   "I'm looking for something."   I explained the gist of what I wanted.
Although many similar products   sat on the displays in front of me, I didn't know which one to choose.
It   probably would've been faster to just ask the store clerk, but I didn't want to   for various reasons."
Ayanokouji.
Though I am considerably well-versed in that particular   electronic field..."   "It's okay if you don't know."   "Please wait," said the Professor as I was about to end the call."
I do   know.
In fact, I have two of them at my parents' home."   "No way!
You've had them since junior high?
Isn't that bad?"   "Do not misunderstand me.
They were only for experimentation, forthe sake of my language studies."   "Well, could I trouble you to help me set it up?"   "Puh, leave it to me.
I'm sure that someday I will have a favor to ask of   you in return."   Clearly, he was the man for the job.
When entering a subject that I   didn't understand, it was important to find an expert."
Sorry to keep you waiting," I said to the girls."
Have you already finished?"   "Today was just a preliminary inspection.
I don't have enough points to   buy anything."   Suddenly, Kushida froze while glancing over at Sakura's profile."
Sakura-san, have we met somewhere before?" Kushida murmured."
Huh?
N-no.
I don't think so, but..."   "Sorry.
It's just that when I look at you, I get this feeling that we've   met before, Sakura-san.
Hey, weird question, but could you try removing   your glasses?"   "Huh?!
B-but that's...
My eyesight is so bad, I wouldn't be able to see   a thing..."   Sakura put her hand up and waved it, signaling to Kushida that she did   not want to."
We should hang out together again, Sakura-san.
Not just with me, but   with my other friends, too."   "That's..."   Sakura looked like she wanted to say something, but she couldn't find   her way to the end of the thought.
She said nothing.
Kushida seemed to feel   that it would make trouble if she pressed the issue, so she kept quiet.
Or   rather, she didn't ask anything else.
In the end, we returned to where we'd   started."
Umm...
Thank you for everything today.
You really helped me out,"   Sakura said."
It's okay, it's okay.
There's no need to thank us.
Actually, Sakura-san,you can talk to us normally, you know?
If it's okay with you.
We're in the   same grade.
It sounds a little weird when you speak so formally to us."   It was certainly true that Sakura's speech patterns weren't exactly what   you would expect from a peer.
But changing that might be easier said than   done for her; she was visibly perplexed."
I didn't mean to sound that way.
I wasn't aware of it...
I sound   weird?"   "It's not really a bad thing!
I mean, I'd be happy if you didn't speak so   formally to me, though."   "Ah...
O-okay...
I...
I got it.
I'll do my best."   I thought that Sakura would have rejected the notion, but she managed   to squeak out a few words of agreement.
It seemed like she wanted to accept   Kushida's proposal.
Perhaps this was how people became friends, little by   little.
Even Sakura, who seemed to have hardly interacted with another   person ever, was steadily growing closer to Kushida."
It's okay, though.
You don't need to force yourself."   "I-It's okay.
I...
will."   Sakura kept her eyes down as she spoke.
Partway through her sentence   she began to sputter, and her words faded so much that we couldn't hear   them.
However, it didn't seem as though she felt uncomfortable.
Kushida   smiled in satisfaction, but didn't try to coerce anything more from Sakura.
That specific distance felt exactly right for where they were at the moment.
If   you tried to strong-arm people who weren't good at socializing, it could   backfire.
Rather than be grateful, they'd probably find it off-putting.
Rather   than draw them nearer, being overbearing would probably end up pushing   them further away."
Well then, we'll see you at school.
Okay?"   With that, Kushida thought the conversation had ended.
However,   rather unexpectedly, Sakura didn't move."
Well!"   Sakura spoke in a small voice, but looked straight at us.
When our   gazes met, however, she immediately averted her eyes.
"About Sudou-kun...
As my way of saying thanks for today, I...
Well,   that might be a little misleading, but if you like..."   She paused, and started again more clearly."
I-I may be able to help you with Sudou-kun's case."   In her own words, Sakura told us that she was the witness.
Kushida and   I exchanged glances."
So, does that mean that you saw Sudou-kun fight with those other   students?"   "Yes.
I saw everything.
It was a total coincidence, though...
I'm sure   you don't believe me."   "No, we do.
Why did you decide to tell us now, though?
I mean, I'm   happy you did, but I don't want you to force yourself.
You don't have to do   this just because you're grateful, you know?"   Sakura couldn't seem to get her words out.
She lightly shook her head.
The fact that Sakura had waited until now to talk proved that she was more   concerned about Sudou's case than anything else.
I wondered if getting a   foothold on friendship made her want to cooperate."
Is that really true?
You're not forcing yourself?" Kushida asked.
She   must've been thinking the same thing as me.
Sakura nodded sheepishly, as if she could feel that we were worrying   about it."
It's okay...
I think that if I kept quiet, I'd probably come to regret it.
I...
don't want to cause trouble for my classmates.
But, if I spoke up as a   witness, then...
I would definitely stand out.
I hated the thought of that...
I'm   sorry."   While Sakura apologized to us repeatedly, full of remorse, she also   promised Kushida that she would testify."
Thank you, Sakura-san.
I'm sure Sudou-kun will be really happy."   Kushida took Sakura's hand, and Sakura looked at Kushida's smiling   face.
I wondered if a new friendship had been born right here, right now.
At   any rate, we had Sudou's witness.
4.
11   That night, I clutched my phone tightly.
My hand was sweating so   much you'd think the air conditioning in my room wasn't working."
We got closer to Sakura, but...
Is it really okay for me to say that?"   "Yesterday I would've said no, but our chances are better today.
Ahh...
I think we still have a way to go yet, though.
You're making yourself all   frazzled."   I'd guessed that Sakura would probably grow closer to Kushida,   specifically.
But I had a feeling that Sakura had erected a rather high wall   between herself and other people.
Unless we could get her to climb over that   wall, calling on Sakura as a witness would be difficult."
That reminds me, why did you try to get Sakura to take off her   glasses?" I asked Kushida."
Well, I mean...
I thought saying so might be kind of cruel, but...
I just   feel like her glasses don't really suit her, for some reason.
It's like she   doesn't really need them, or something.
I don't understand it myself.
I also   thought that we'd met somewhere before, but that was probably just a   misunderstanding."   "Well, perhaps that was just your imagination, Kushida?
I mean,   Sakura is pretty far from being stylish, right?
I mean, so am I, but she even   chooses clothes with plain colors so she stands out as little as possible."   "Yeah, there's that.
I don't think that she's concerned with fashion or   anything.
But I wonder why?"   Back when her camera fell and Sakura had bent down to pick it up, I'd   seen her glasses from the side.
Something about them had struck me as being   out of place."
I felt like there's something a little off, like she's wearing fake   glasses."   "Huh?
Sakura-san wears fake glasses?
But she said that her eyesight   was really bad...""Although real glasses and fake ones appear similar at first glance,   there is definitely a difference between them.
Real glasses show some   distortion on the lenses.
There wasn't any distortion on Sakura's glasses.
At   first, I thought that there was definitely some link between those fake glasses   and Sakura's fashion sense, but then I found myself puzzled over something   she said today."   "Appearing fashionable with glasses?
Hmm, that doesn't sound   normal."   If she wanted to liven up her appearance with decorative items, she   should have bought other clothes or make-up."
Or maybe it's to cover up some kind of complex?
Like how someone   thinks they'll appear intelligent by putting on glasses?"   "There's that.
Wearing glasses does make you look smart."   "In Sakura's case, though, she probably wears them because she   doesn't want others to see her true self.
She's always slouching and won't   look people in the eye.
I doubt it's simply because she dislikes other people."   I felt like there was some hidden way to get over that wall.
Something."
I knew it was right to bring you along, Ayanokouji-kun.
I feel like   you're very observant of people."   I was a little embarrassed.
The best part of interacting with Kushida   was how we were able to connect and converse naturally.
People who didn't   know how to get closer to another person would bungle and compromise   until they got to a point where they just gave up."
So then-"   Just as I was about to continue the conversation with Kushida, my   phone buzzed.
I checked the caller ID without Kushida knowing.
If it were Ike   or Yamauchi, I'd call them back later.
But if it were Horikita...
I'd have to   think about it.
That's what I was prepared for, but...
The name on the screen read "Sakura."   "I'm sorry, Kushida.
Can I call you back in a bit?"   "Oh, sure.
Sorry for talking so long."   Though there was a heavy regret in those parting words, I didn't havethe time to address it.
I answered Sakura's call before it cut out.
After   pressing the call button, I waited several seconds, but the line remained silent."
Um...
Hello.
This is Sakura..."   "This is Ayanokouji."   Even though we'd exchanged contact information, I found it a little   strange that she'd called me.
Even when I formally exchanged contact   information with someone, nine times out of ten I wouldn't get a call."
Thank you for coming out with me today," Sakura said."
Oh, no problem.
It wasn't really a big deal.
Don't worry about it.
You   shouldn't fuss so much and keep thanking me."   "Okay..."   Silence followed, but it wasn't Sakura's fault.
I didn't really know how   to respond to her.
I thought of how Kushida took the lead in our conversation.
Still, I had to do my best on this call."
What's the matter?"   "Umm..."   More silence.
What should I do?
Please, Hirata.
Teach me."
What were you...
thinking about?"   Sakura asked me a rather ambiguous question.
What was I thinking   about?
She likely didn't want to know my thoughts on how cute Kushida   looked in casual clothing, or how exceptionally interesting I found Sakura   herself.
I had no idea what Sakura was expecting."
Did something happen?" I asked.
Something about the emotion behind her words made me uneasy, so I   cast a verbal line to see if I could reel in anything else.
However, the line   tautened and snapped as soon as it touched water."
I'm sorry, it's nothing.
Goodnight."   Sakura ended the call without even giving me a chance to reply.
No   "please wait" or "hold on." I thought about calling her back, but I couldn't   understand why I'd failed in our conversation.
I thought about it carefully   while washing my face.
I'd spent about 10 minutes talking with Kushida, butduring that time, there weren't any signs that Sakura had tried to call or left   messages.
Perhaps Sakura had planned on calling Kushida after talking to me?
I   had a hard time imagining that.
Normally when you had to call two people,   the first person you'd call would be the one you knew better.
In this case, I   was the only person she could call and see, so I was the reasonable choice.
Just to be sure though, I went ahead and sent a chat message to Kushida and   asked her if she had heard from Sakura.
A few minutes later, Kushida confirmed that she hadn't heard back   from Sakura.
Just as I'd thought."
I was asked to invite you as well, Ayanokouji-kun.
Did you talk to   Sakura-san?"   When I'd met Kushida that morning, she'd said something like that.
Because Sakura got really nervous when she was alone with Kushida, I had   thought she'd just invited someone else who was suitable for the task, but...
was it not like that?
Aside from a crazy dream like it being love at first sight,   was there some reason I had been chosen to go?
I remembered something I'd   felt while talking with Sakura today.
Sakura and Kushida struck up most of the conversations, but I'd   broached a topic.
Namely, the clerk at the store who'd helped with the repair   order.
I hadn't brought up anything else.
What if that's what she'd meant   when she asked, "What were you thinking about?"   All of the puzzle pieces I'd collected were too small, and too few.
I was   able to conjure up several scenarios and speculations, but they all lacked   credibility.
I didn't have enough information to come to a definitive decision.
Normally I'd have thought that asking around at school would be fine,   but in Sakura's case, things wouldn't be so simple.
If I just went up and   started talking to Sakura, who normally didn't talk to anyone, it would make   her stand out.
She wouldn't like that.
I prayed that the anxieties I'd developed   over the phone call were unfounded, and decided to get ready for bed.
Please view the Illustration.
Chapter 5:   Each and Every   Prediction   It was just one day until the meeting between Sudou and Class C.
With Horikita's cooperation and Sakura's testimony, as well as Kushida and   Hirata's actions, our entire class felt spirited and courageous.
You could say   that we were united.
However, it was obvious that we lacked firm, irrefutable   evidence, and it would still be difficult to prove Sudou's innocence.
Our   deliberation would decide the outcome."
Man, it really is hot today..."   I never thought about global warming more than when I exited a   building with working air conditioning.
Considering I'd likely suffer every   day until August, my spirits remained low.
The moment I left my dorm's   lobby, hot and humid air assaulted me.
While I endured the pain of my   burning skin, I walked the path to school lined with green, leafy trees.
Something was different today, though.
There was something on the   bulletin board by the stairway's landing, a little in front of the shoe cubbies.
A paper on the board said that they were looking for students with   information related to Sudou and Class C."
This-"   Clearly, somebody was trying to help.
It was sincerely appreciated,   because we hadn't even considered taking such measures ourselves.
This   mystery person was action-oriented.
Furthermore, while the sign itself might   have appeared a weak effort, the author also wrote that they'd be willing to   give points to helpful informants.
In that case, even apathetic students would   pay attention.
As I scanned the message, I was quite impressed..."
Good morning, Ayanokouji-kun!" Ichinose called out from behind   me.
She must have just arrived."
I saw the paper on the bulletin board.
Did you post it, Ichinose?"Ichinose joined me in looking at the board.
She appeared deeply   interested."
Hmm.
I see, I see.
So there's this method, too."   "Huh?
This wasn't you?"   I'd thought that surely this was her strategy."
This was probably- Ah, he's here!
Good morning, Kanzaki-kun."   Ichinose raised her hand up and signaled to a lone male student.
The   boy noticed Ichinose, and approached us with quiet steps."
Did you put this up, Kanzaki-kun?"   "Yeah.
I made and posted it on Friday.
Is there something wrong?"   "Oh, no.
Not at all.
My friend here just wanted to know who did it.
Ah,   I'll introduce you two.
Kanzaki-kun from Class B, this is Ayanokouji-kun   from Class D."   "Nice to meet you, Kanzaki."   His demeanor was stiff, but he appeared to be a serious student.
He was   tall and slender.
A pretty boy, but in a different way from Hirata.
I took his   outstretched hand."
How's it going, Kanzaki-kun?
Did you get anything reliable?"   "Unfortunately, I haven't received any useful information."   "I see.
Well, how about we look at the bulletin board."   "At the bulletin board?
Did you put up another poster?"   Ichinose wore a thin smile, indicating it was something else."
Have you ever checked out the school homepage?
There's a message   board.
I requested that people come forward with information there.
I said   that if there anyone witnessed a violent incident at our school, I'd like to hear   about it."   After she said that, Ichinose showed us her phone's screen.
It showed a   message seeking out witnesses, as well as a count for the number of people   who'd viewed it.
The displayed number was still only in the dozens, but it   was much more efficient than asking people directly.
Also, the message   posted to the homepage offered compensation to witnesses and people withhelpful information."
Ah, regarding the stuff about points, don't worry.
We just decided to   do that on our own.
Besides, it will probably be difficult for us to get new   information now.
Ah!"   "What's the matter?"   "It looks like I just got two messages regarding the post.
There might   be a little information."   Ichinose checked her phone for confirmation.
After she'd read the   messages, a slight smile crept onto her face.
Please view the Illustration.
"Just like this."   She showed me her phone so I could read the message for myself."
It looks like one of the boys from Class C, Ishizaki-kun, was a bad   seed in junior high.
He was good at fighting, and terrorized the locals.
A kid   from his hometown probably leaked this."   "Interesting," Kanzaki muttered, also reading the message.
Like Kanzaki, I found the information quite interesting.
Everyone had   assumed that the three students Sudou fought were normal kids.
However, if   they were troublemakers too, then that was a different story.
As for the other   two, being basketball players meant they probably had good motor skills.
Yet   Sudou had turned the tables, and beat them all without once being hit himself.
I couldn't help but feel there was something unnatural about that."
Kanzaki-kun, what do you think?"   "Perhaps they let Sudou beat them up on purpose.
If the three of them   had wanted to set a trap for Sudou, the story would make perfect sense.
The   connection seems natural."   "Yeah, I think so too.
I knew you'd figure it out, Kanzaki-kun.
Great   work.
If we can verify this information, then we could be one step closer to   proving Sudou-kun's innocence.
But what we have is still pretty weak, isn't   it?"   "Yeah.
Even if we managed to convince people with this new   evidence, we're really only halfway there.
The fact that it was such a one-   sided fight definitely puts a lot of pressure on us."   Sudou probably wouldn't want to shoulder some of the guilt alongside   the others.
Neither party wanted to be liable for this situation.
If we got   testimony from Class D, though, our chances would probably be 6 to 4, or   maybe 7 to 3.   "No, we can't say anything yet." I concealed Sakura's name since we   were still negotiating."
I see.
Is there some reason why?"   Since the whole Sakura situation was rather delicate, I avoided   explaining in detail.
After all, she might decide to quit after all, even on the   day of the decision.
I wanted to have an escape route.
"There've been no reports of another witness, just as I thought.
It   would've been interesting if one had stepped forward, but I suppose it was   tough.
We're out of time.
Our only choice now is to wait for more   information from either the Internet or the bulletin board, right?"   "Is it okay to wait that long, though?
I mean, those Class C guys might   zero in on us."   "It'll be okay.
Besides, both Class C and Class A originally targeted us,   anyway."   "Ichinose is right.
Besides, even if you wanted to stick by the rules,   everyone is acting out of bounds.
I think it's okay to ask for forgiveness this   time."   Ichinose and Kanzaki made it pretty clear that they wanted to be fair   and square when competing against the school and the other students."
Anyway, we'll have to transfer points over to anyone who provides us   with information.
Ah, but what if someone does so anonymously?
In that   case, how would we transfer over the points?"   "We can tell you, if you'd like.
Do you want me to?" I said."
Do you know something, Ayanokouji-kun?"   "I just remembered something when I was messing around on my   phone.
Do you know the person's number?"   "It's a toll-free number, but I remember it."   Ichinose drew close and pointed at her phone.
Being this near to   somebody usually made people feel defenseless.
I'd thought that a girl   wouldn't want a man to be in her intimate space...
and I didn't know exactly   what it was, but Ichinose had a pleasant scent about her."
Here, open up the points remittance screen.
You should see your ID   number in the upper left corner."   As I instructed her, my heart rate began to skyrocket."
Umm..."   Ichinose's fingers were nimble.
She pressed the button to open up her   own points page.
After the page loaded, it was displayed on the screen."
Yep, yep.
There it is.
So what should I do now that I can see the IDnumber?"   "From your ID number, you can issue a temporary token key.
If you   open that, and send the key, you should get a request for payment."   "I see.
Thank you!"   "Okay.
Let's go, Ayanokouji-kun."   "Sure."   Ichinose started walking."
............"   Just then, for a split second, I had seen something on Ichinose's phone.
The fragment of screen I'd noticed had burned itself into my mind and   wouldn't go away.
What should I do?
Was what I'd seen even possible?
Ichinose might prove a huge obstacle for Horikita in her quest to reach Class   A.
5.
1   "Good morning!
Ayanokouji-kun!"   "O-oh, hey.
Good morning." Kushida greeted me looking incredibly   bright and energetic.
I was taken aback by her radiance."
Thanks for yesterday.
You really saved me."   Well, I suppose her dazzling face made me happy, but something else   was bothering me that I couldn't remember.
I'd gone on an outing for the first   time, and it had been with girls like Kushida and Sakura.
Ah, it was almost   too much.
Well, I guess for the time being, things were great...
until Ike and   Yamauchi got to school, that was.
If they heard about this, they'd definitely   hold a serious grudge over it."
Let's hang out again sometime, okay?" Kushida said."
S-sure."   Even if she'd only said it to be polite, my heart thumped a little faster.
Well, that wasn't a bad thing."
Did you spend your day off with Kushida-san?" an icy voice asked."
Yeah, I did," I answered quietly."
Kushida wanted Sakura's   cooperation, so she asked for my help.
I didn't have much of a choice."   "I see."   "Was there something wrong with...
that?"   I looked over at my neighbor, and saw an expression on Horikita's face   that I'd never glimpsed before."
Wh-what's the matter?" I asked."
What do you mean?"   "Well, you just had this really weird look on your face."   "Really?
I didn't intend to make any kind of face.
I should look the   same as I always do.
However, I will say that I admire how freely you've   been moving.
When I ask you for help, you're often reluctant, but when   Kushida-san asks you, you accept readily.
I was calmly and discretelyanalyzing the difference between us."   She did not remotely look calm and discreet.
Please view the Illustration.
Just then, someone lightly tapped my shoulder, and told me to go over   and see Kushida.
Horikita wore a tremendously puzzled expression as I went   over to the hallway, where Kushida briefly peeked into the classroom."
I have a feeling I just saw something really incredible!" she said.
Did Kushida understand the meaning behind Horikita's expression?
She seemed both delighted and surprised."
Something incredible?
That's creepy...
I think that Horikita was a   little angry."   "That's not it.
I think she feels alienated and lonely over not being   invited."   "Horikita?
No way!"   "She probably doesn't know how she feels...
I'm sure she's probably   noticed how much fun it is to spend time with friends and talk to them,   though.
That's a good thing, a good thing."   What a bizarre thought.
Horikita didn't have a good opinion of   Kushida.
Even so, it was strange for Kushida to say that Horikita felt   alienated over not being invited."
Perhaps you're realizing something fundamental, Ayanokouji-kun.
Horikita-san is upset that you didn't invite her to come along."   No, no, that couldn't be it...
I mean, Horikita was a girl who loved   solitude, after all.
She wasn't supposed to enjoy going out, certainly not with   a guy like me.
In that moment, I had come to a rather baffling realization.
5.
2   After homeroom finished for the day, we asked Chabashira-sensei to   see us in the faculty room.
We did this out of consideration for Sakura.
Because I hadn't been able to discuss it with her fully over the phone   yesterday, I waited towards the back of the room for an opportune moment.
Kushida was probably going to be able to tell Chabashira-sensei everything   that had happened."
A witness?
For Sudou's case?"   "Yes.
Sakura-san saw everything from start to finish."   Kushida called for Sakura, who stood quietly behind her.
She stepped   forward, looking slightly nervous."
So according to Kushida, you saw the fight between Sudou and the   others."   "Yes.
I saw it."   It's not that our teacher didn't believe us, but I felt ill at ease before her   skeptical gaze.
Sakura, true to her word, slowly gave us the truth.
This was   the first time that we had heard the full story.
None of us, not even the   teacher, spoke a single word or even moved until the very end."
I understand what you're said.
However, I can't simply accept what   you're telling me," Chabashira-sensei said.
I would have thought that, as Class D's homeroom teacher, she   would've been delighted to discover a witness from Class D.
Kushida,   betrayed by this turn of events, was flustered."
Wh-What do you mean, sensei?" she asked."
Sakura, why are you testifying now?
When I reported the issue during   homeroom, you didn't step forward.
It's not as though you were absent that   day, right?"   "Well...
That's...
I'm just not good at talking with other people..."   "You're not good at talking with other people, and yet you've decided   to testify now?
Isn't that strange?"Chabashira-sensei started hounding Sakura, as was typical.
If Sakura   had stepped forward back when she'd first called for witnesses, though, I   wondered if Chabashira-sensei would honestly have welcomed it."
Sensei, Sakura-san is..."   "I'm speaking to Sakura right now." Chabashira-sensei cut Kushida off   sharply."
Umm...
Well, it's because our...
class is in trouble now, and...
I   thought if...
if I testify, I can help..."   Sakura hunched and shrank away, much like a frog cornered by a   snake.
As our teacher, Chabashira-sensei should have understood what kind   of girl Sakura was.
She should have realized that merely by speaking up,   Sakura had made great progress."
I see.
So, then you mustered up the courage to come forward?"   "Yes..."   "I see.
Well if you are a witness as you say, naturally I'm obligated to   relay that information to the school.
However, while the school will listen to   the whole story, Sudou may not be declared innocent."   "Wh-what do you mean?"   "Are you really the witness, Sakura?
That's what I'm getting at.
I think   that it may be a lie made up by Class D because the students are afraid of   receiving a negative evaluation."   "Chabashira-sensei, that's a horrible thing to say!"   "Horrible?
If you really had witnessed an event, you should have come   forward on the first day.
It's natural to feel suspicious when someone steps   up just in the nick of time.
Considering that the witness is from Class D, it's   doubly suspicious.
Any reasonable person would have doubts.
Don't you   think so?
Conveniently, a student from the same class happened to be in an   infrequently visited building and happened to witness the entire event?"   Chabashira-sensei had plenty of good points.
The fact that Sakura had   witnessed the incident was too convenient.
People would obviously have   their doubts.
If I were a third party, I'd probably think Class D had made this   story up.
Judged impartially, it was only natural to consider this eyewitness   testimony weak.
"However, a witness is a witness.
I cannot determine if she's lying, so   for the time being, I will accept her testimony.
So, Sakura, I will ask for you   to join us on the day of deliberation.
I understand that you do not like to   associate with others, but can you do this?"   Chabashira-sensei's words shook Sakura, as if she were testing the girl.
Sure enough, Sakura, upon imagining this, turned pale and anguished."
If you don't like it, you do have the option to withdraw.
Also, we'll   tell Sudou that he will be participating in the deliberation."   "Are you okay?
Sakura-san?"   "Y-yeah..." Sakura's reply lacked confidence.
In addition to having to   give her testimony in front of others, she was also going to have to sit alone   with Sudou.
It seemed a little cruel to force her..."
Do you mind if we participate as well, sensei?"   Of course, it was Kushida who spoke up, most likely to support Sakura."
If Sudou himself consents, I will approve it.
However, we cannot   allow that many people.
Only a maximum of two may sit in on the   deliberation.
Please think on that carefully."   We left the faculty room, though it felt more like we were being kicked   out.
Afterward, we returned to the classroom and explained everything to   Horikita."
Well, naturally that was the result.
It's to be expected."   "The situation might be different now, but it's not that huge of a   difference, right?
I mean, the fact that our witness came from Class D does   kind of mean we're out of luck, though."   I didn't know if it would comfort Horikita, but I said it to stick up for   Sakura.
If we hadn't convinced our eyewitness to come forward, it probably   would've been impossible to prove Sudou's innocence."
Now then, Kushida-san.
It would be best for Ayanokouji-kun and me   to sit in on the deliberation.
I fully understand you supporting Sakura-san.
However, if it comes to a debate, then that's a different story."   "That's...
Yes, you're right.
I don't think I'd be particularly useful in a   debate."I considered saying something about how it would be perfect if   Kushida and Horikita worked together, but thought better of it.
It was   precisely because they might not make the best team that I'd been appointed   as a substitute, I supposed."
Sakura-san, do you mind?"   "N-no, it's fine."   She didn't seem to like this at all, but she also didn't have much choice   right now.
5.
3   With that settled, we reconvened in the classroom during our lunch   to discuss strategy.
Horikita had been reluctant to participate, but thanks to   Kushida's persuasive tears, she'd agreed to join.
As for the person of interest   himself, even if Sudou said he didn't care and compromised, he could easily   become obstinate in critical situations.
While I thought about how he might   become difficult at any time, I kept silent."
Can we really prove Sudou's innocence tomorrow?" Kushida asked."
Of course we will.
It's obvious that I was set up.
I'm definitely   innocent.
Right?" Sudou said.
They simultaneously looked to Horikita for her opinion.
Horikita   simply ate her bread in silence, either because she was unable to answer or   because she found discussion to be annoying."
Hey, Horikita.
What do you think?" Sudou, clearly unable to read the   room, drew nearer to Horikita."
Don't bring your dirty face so close to me."   "I-It's not dirty." Sudou was shaking.
Maybe he was hurt by that   unexpected jab?"
I can't help but be mystified by your belief that your innocence can   easily be proven.
Although you've gained evidence that works in your favor,   you're still in a very disadvantageous situation."   "But we have a witness who knows I'm innocent, and the other guys   were real jerks in the past.
That should be enough, right?
Those guys are bad   news." Sudou, completely blind to his own shortcomings, arrogantly crossed   his legs and nodded in agreement with himself."
Ah, hey, wait a second!
I'm still reading that!
Give it back!"   "It's fine, isn't it?
I paid for half of it, anyway.
I'll give it back later."   Ike and Yamauchi scrambled over a weekly manga magazine.
I guess   they'd been quietly reading manga while we had our important meeting.
Considering their bitter tears over having absolutely no points at all, I foundit kind of amazing that they still managed to buy a magazine each week."
Huh?" Kushida, seated beside me as the Ike/Yamauchi spectacle   unfolded, appeared deep in thought."
Perhaps..." she murmured."
What's up?" I asked."
Ah, nothing.
It's nothing.
There was just something on my mind."   I didn't understand what she was getting at, but Kushida pulled out her   phone and began looking up something.
5.
4   After returning to my dorm, I lay in my bed and absentmindedly   watched TV.
My mind was kind of a blank, as I let myself relax.
Then, I got   an email from Sakura."
If I was absent from school tomorrow, what do you think would   happen?"   "What do you mean?"   Even though my reply had been short, I waited a while for her   response."
What are you doing right now?"   That was her answer.
I replied that I was in my room by myself."
If it's okay with you, could we meet right now?
I'm in room 1106."   "If you could keep this a secret from everyone...
That would really help   me out."   I received two messages from her in quick succession.
It was more like   texting than email.
What exactly was she getting at, I wondered?
I thought   about asking her why, but then stopped typing.
If I bungled this, she might   keep messaging me, but it would probably get more difficult to pay her a   visit.
I had the gut feeling that it would be better for us to meet directly, so I   started rewriting my response."
I'll head over there in about five minutes."   After sending my reply, I reached for my coat, but stopped.
Since we   were in the same dorm, going out with just a jersey on was probably fine.
I   headed towards Sakura's room.
The upper level...
in other words, where the   girls lived.
This was my first time setting foot there.
The school didn't   necessarily prohibit boys from entering.
Even if someone saw me going   there, it wouldn't be a problem.
In fact, the popular guys often headed up   there to hang out and have fun.
Although we were allowed a relative degree of freedom, entry was   prohibited after 8:00 PM.
Naturally, going to the girls' floor in the middle ofthe night was prohibited.
I pushed the elevator's call button.
When the doors slid open, Horikita   was standing there.
What horrible timing."
............"   For some reason, I was completely unable to move.
I just stood there.
Was this good luck or bad?
In the case of bumping into an acquaintance, I   had to wonder."
What?
You're not getting on?" she asked.
While she stared at me, she tried to close the doors."
Ah, yeah.
I'm getting on..."   While I felt like this was probably a bad idea, I hopped in and pushed   the button for the eleventh floor.
I saw that the button for the thirteenth floor   was also lit.
That must've been Horikita's floor.
For some reason, I got the   strange feeling that she was watching me from behind."
You're...
heading home late tonight, huh?" I asked, without looking at   her.
The silence was unbearable."
I was out shopping.
Did you not see?"   I heard the rustle of vinyl bags."
That reminds me.
You cook for yourself, don't you?"   It felt like the elevator was going more slowly than usual.
We were still   only on the sixth floor.
Being stealthily invited over by a girl was a stressful   situation.
My unease meant I had to say something."
This isn't the tenth floor.
Is that okay?"   Why in the world was she asking me about the tenth floor?
What was   her intention?"
For someone who dislikes trouble, you've been extremely proactive in   involving yourself with this case.
Or perhaps you have ulterior motives?"   Horikita was clearly probing."
If you have something to say, why not come out and say it?"   "You're going to meet with Sakura-san, aren't you?" she asked.
"No, I'm not." I immediately denied it, but wondered if Horikita could   see the truth."
Well.
I suppose where you go is none of my business."   In that case, don't ask me about it!
Well, that was what I wanted to say,   but I spoke the words only in my head.
After a long time, we finally arrived at the eleventh floor in complete   silence.
I stepped off the elevator, trying to remain calm.
I didn't look back."
Pardon me for intruding..." I said at Sakura's door."
Come on in." She greeted me wearing casual clothes."
So.
What did you need from me?"   "Umm...
Ayanokouji-kun, do you remember what you said before?
You said I wasn't obligated to step forward, even though I was the witness.
You also said it was meaningless to force me to testify."   That was back when I'd met Sakura by accident.
I gave a slight nod."
I...
just don't have any self-confidence after all."   "Is this about speaking in front of other people?"   "I've been terrible at it for so long...
I'm not good at speaking in front   of others.
If I'm asked to testify in front of the teachers tomorrow, I don't   think I'll have the confidence to answer properly.
So..."   "So you're considering taking the day off from school?"   Sakura gave a slight nod before collapsing and laying her forehead   onto the table."
Ahhhhh.
Jeez, why am I so completely useless?!" She shrank into   herself, clearly ashamed.
It was the first time I'd seen her like that."
Sakura, you're surprisingly high-strung, huh?"   I felt the gap between the person I saw now and her usual behavior, and   was a little taken aback.
Or rather, I was shocked."
Huh?!"   Sakura, realizing she'd let me see this side of her, blushed and shook   her head."
N-no!
I'm not like that at all."So she could be animated.
I'd had no idea, considering her usually   depressed look."
Hey, can I ask you just one thing?
Why did you call me?" Kushida or   somebody else would've been friendlier, easier to talk to."
That's because I'm not afraid of your eyes, Ayanokouji-kun..."   Huh?
What did that mean?
I certainly didn't have scary eyes or   anything, but..."
If you're looking for someone to talk to, Kushida is a much warmer,   more outgoing person.
She has a lot of friends, too."   "Oh, no.
I don't mean the eyes that you've seen me with.
I mean the   pupils, way back in the eyes...
If you look someone deep in their eyes, you'll   understand.
I'm sorry, I can't really explain it well."   So, was it like insight into a person's true self?
When someone looked   at me, would they see that I was insubstantial and lack ambition?
This was   kind of complicated."
Well, it's just...
When I see a man...
even if he seems kind...
I   suddenly get afraid."   Perhaps that came with a woman's point of view.
It might have been   natural for her to be uncomfortable around men, but Sakura had an   abnormally terrified expression.
Speaking of which, I recalled the day we'd   gone to get her digital camera repaired...
It was certainly true that men and women generally differed in physical   strength and stamina.
However, some girls were overly mindful of that fact,   and lived in abnormal degrees of fear.
I wondered if something had happened   in Sakura's past to cause her intense fear of men.
Why the heck was I arbitrarily analyzing her?
I felt a little disgusted   with myself, as usual."
I know it would be good to simply say what it is I saw.
But no matter   what I do, I can't seem to imagine it...
How can I speak that assertively?"   She was so worried that she'd asked a student like me for help.
She'd   probably been agonizing over it for the past few days.
Even with a helping   hand from me, she appeared to be suffering.
"If you want to quit, would you like me to talk?"   "You're not going to get mad?"   "I told you before, didn't I?
If we forced you to testify, it would be   meaningless."   Sakura was an invaluable witness, but her evidence wasn't   automatically reliable.
She might not have any influence on the outcome.
However, if she were absent, Sudou might get angry.
I should probably try to   coax her into participating, but I had no idea how to do it."
Umm...
What do you think would be best to do, Ayanokouji-kun?"   "I think you should do what you want, Sakura."   She probably wanted more concrete guidance, but unfortunately this   was the best I could do.
I wasn't an outstanding person, and certainly not   qualified to guide anyone.
I wasn't suited for that job."
I see.
Well, I suppose it's probably bothersome to ask you for help   like that...
I'm just no good.
It's probably why I can't even make a single   friend myself."   Sakura shrugged and smiled bitterly.
She seemed disgusted with   herself."
Sakura, I think you'll be able to make friends with someone in no   time."   "I'm sorry.
I don't know how to best say what I feel...
You seem to get   along really well with a lot of people, Ayanokouji-kun.
I'm a bit envious."   "No, I don't."   Apparently Sakura believed that I had many friends and lots of fun."
It might be presumptuous for me to say this, but I think that we're like   friends.
We are," I said.
Sakura and I stared at each other."
We're friends?
Really?" she whispered."
If you don't think so, Sakura, then that's different."   "No...
It does make me happy...
to hear you say that," replied Sakura,   while still looking somewhat perplexed.
I began to realize that if people didn't talk face to face, they wouldn't   get a feel for what the other person was really like.
I was surprised by the   discovery of Sakura's unexpected side.
If she let this part of her out more,   she'd probably make friends right away.
Honestly, even a minor adjustment   would do wonders.
But for her, I supposed making even a minor adjustment   would be difficult.
What might seem trivial to one person could be quite   difficult for another, depending on their issues."
Thank you for coming to see me today," Sakura said."
It's no big deal.
You can call me anytime."   If I could ease Sakura's burdens even slightly, then it was worth it.
I'd   leave it up to Sakura herself to decide whether or not she'd come to school   tomorrow.
Thinking that our conversation was over, I stood and started to   leave, but Sakura looked like she still wasn't feeling well."
Do you have any plans for tonight?
For right now?" I asked."
Right now?
No, I don't have anything planned.
Or rather, I didn't   make any plans."   Hmm.
Even I felt a little sad when I heard someone say that."
Well, why not go out with me for a while?
If it's not a bother, of   course."   I decided to be daring and invite Sakura.
She stiffened, almost like she   had forgotten the time and realized she had to be somewhere important.
She   looked like she couldn't understand what I'd meant.
Then, without any   hesitation, she shot up out of her seat."
Huh?!" As she leapt up, she banged her knees against the table and   doubled over in agony.
Her glasses flew off her face."
That looked like it really hurt just now.
Are you okay?" I asked."
I...
I'm perfectly fine!"   She wasn't very convincing; the pain was so intense that she was on   the verge of tears.
I picked up her glasses.
Just as I'd thought, there were no   lenses.
I handed her glasses back.
Her hands trembled when she took them,   and she thanked me.
Sakura wrestled with her pain for about a minute before   she finally calmed down and quieted.
"Wh-where do you want to go?" she asked.
She was on her guard, but I didn't understand why.
Maybe she believed   I was some kind of pick-up artist trying to smooth talk her.
If that were the   case, it was bad."
I haven't really decided.
Just kind of felt like wandering around, you   know?
Ah, but I hate being in hot places..."   Sakura responded cautiously, as if worried about what to say."
If you   don't mind...
there is someplace I'd like to go.
Is that all right?"   "Huh?
Yeah, sure, I don't mind.
Please lead the way."   I didn't really care about the location; I just wanted to get a change of   scenery and talk.
If Sakura had a place she preferred, then everything would   be going according to plan.
5.
5   Sakura took me to the place she wanted to visit.
I must admit, I hadn't   expected the location.
We went to a part of the building used specifically for   club activities, located away from the school.
She guided me around a   building that had a pronounced Japanese flair, one that hosted things like the   archery club and the tea ceremony club.
From a short distance away, we   could hear the sound of arrows being fired."
You're not doing any club activities, right?"   "I'm not, but I've wanted to come here at least once.
I'd stand out if I   came by myself, so..."   If you hung around here on your own, people would think you were   interested in joining their club.
However, if a couple came together, then   people would just assume they were on a date."
Why did you ask me to come out, anyway?" she asked."
Hmm?
Why?
It's kind of hard to answer when you ask me like that." I   was worried about how everything would go tomorrow.
But even if I said   something, I'd still feel uneasy."
I asked you because I thought it would be   good to get a change of scenery, I suppose.
I mean, I'm kind of a loner, so I   usually just stay in my room.
I have a tendency to hang back all the time."   Sakura looked somewhat unconvinced by my roundabout answer."
Ayanokouji-kun, don't you have lots of friends?"   "I do?
Like who?"   "Horikita-san, Kushida-san, Ike-kun, Sudou-kun, Yamauchi-kun..."   She listed their names while counting them on her fingers."
Well, they're just for show.
No, you're right, a friend is a friend.
I   guess what I mean is, I feel like that's all we are.
I feel like I'm still kind of   standing outside the group and looking in.
Do you think we get all along,   Sakura?"   Sakura nodded without hesitation.
If she said so, perhaps it was true.
I   guess I just didn't understand myself.
"I don't know how to make friends at all.
I'm envious.
You were the   first person to call me a friend."   "What about Kushida?
Wasn't she the first person who invited you   out?"   Sheepishly, Sakura gave a self-deprecating smile."
Yeah.
I should   apologize to Kushida-san sometime.
She was the first one to call and invite   me out, because I didn't have the courage...
I actually wanted to hang out   with her.
I just couldn't answer her, no matter what I did.
I'm so pathetic."   If you were good at making conversation with other people, you'd have   an easier time of it.
I was once again impressed by Horikita's ability to make   fun of Ike and Yamauchi while also dealing naturally with complete   strangers.
That was a splendid talent."
Can I give you one bit of advice for tomorrow?"   I didn't intend to give her empty encouragement like "Do your best."   Sakura should face tomorrow entirely as herself."
For Sudou.
For Kushida.
For your classmates.
Throw all of those   thoughts away."   "Huh?
Throw them...
all away?"   "When you testify tomorrow, speak for yourself.
As someone who tells   the truth of what she saw, as a witness."   It was good for a self-reliant person to try doing something for other   people.
However, Sakura still couldn't properly take care of herself.
She had   a tendency to wrap herself up and endure pain, sorrow, and suffering alone.
If   you weren't happy yourself, then you couldn't make others happy, either."
Tell the truth for your own sake.
Do that, and Sudou will be saved.
That's enough."   I didn't know how effective my advice would be.
It probably was   meaningless blather, actually.
But perhaps it was right to encourage Sakura to   speak for herself.
Maybe I did it because I understood how it felt to be   wanted.
Because I needed someone to know I understood the pain and   anguish of battling loneliness."
Thank you, Ayanokouji-kun."Hopefully, my words had found purchase somewhere in Sakura's heart.
5.
6   That night, under Kushida's orders, everyone except for Sudou   gathered in my room.
Apparently Kushida had even invited Horikita, but it   seemed she didn't want to join us."
So.
Has there been any progress, Kushida-chan?"   "There has been progress, yes, but I've also noticed something   incredible.
Ayanokouji-kun, can I borrow your computer for a minute?"   "Sure," I answered with a nod.
Kushida went to my desktop computer,   booted it up, and opened the Internet browser."
Okay.
Have a look at this!"   Kushida accessed what appeared to be somebody's blog.
It was rather   elaborate, too.
Unlike some normal person's website, it had the sheen and   polish of a fully-fledged business."
Wait, is that a picture of Shizuku?"   "Shizuku?"   "She's a gravure idol.
She was just featured in a young men's   magazine."   There were many pictures of her.
I certainly couldn't complain about   her looks or proportions."
Do you recognize her?" Kushida asked."
Am I supposed to recognize her?"   "Look closely."   Kushida clicked on a picture of Shizuku's face.
Ike took a long hard   look at her, and then..."
She's cute."   "No, not that!
This is Sakura-san, isn't it?"   "Kushida-chan, who are you talking about?"   "Sakura-san, from our class.""Huh?
No way, no way.
Sakura-san?
No, no, no, there's no way that's   true." Ike laughed, but Yamauchi's expression stiffened."
Hey, Ike...
You know, when I actually get a good look at her, I...
think she probably does look a little like Sakura."   "But she's not wearing glasses, right?
And her hair is different."   "Those are simplistic ways to identify somebody..."   Although I hadn't made the connection at first, I realized that this was   definitely Sakura.
It seemed like Ike still couldn't believe it, though.
He was   still scrambling in confusion while looking at the screen."
So Sakura is Shizuku?
That's a lie, right?
I mean, sure, there's a slight   resemblance, but they're different people.
I mean, look how crazy bright and   happy Shizuku is.
Right?
Come on, Ayanokouji."   All of the pictures she'd uploaded were cute, so she seemed   accustomed to taking selfies.
However, I glimpsed one piece of   incontrovertible evidence that proved Sakura and the idol Shizuku were one   and the same."
No, Kushida is definitely right.
That's Sakura.
Here."   I pointed to one of the pictures."
You can barely see it, but the door to her dorm room is in this   picture."   "It looks like the same as the doors in our dorm."   In other words, it was likely she'd taken that picture at school."
Okay, so Sakura is Shizuku after all...
I still don't understand the   point."   "Good job noticing this, Kushida." I meant it.
Even though there was a   clear resemblance, I wouldn't have noticed without Kushida drawing our   attention to it."   "When I saw Ike-kun reading that weekly magazine, I remembered   something.
I had the feeling I'd seen Sakura somewhere before," Kushida   said."
Oh my god, there's a gravure idol in our class!
I'm so turned on!" Ike   exclaimed enthusiastically, unable to hide his excitement.
After such anundignified reaction, I imagined Kushida would want to pull away from him.
Although she was kind to an almost reckless degree, I couldn't sense that   kind of acceptance from her now."
But just when Shizuku started to become really popular, she suddenly   disappeared."   She lived a double life as an idol and a quiet, inconspicuous student at   our school.
Why had she wanted to create another life?
It was like a coin with   two very different sides.
Please view the Illustration.
As 9:00 PM approached, it was just about time for our group to split up   for the night.
I saw them all off at my door."
Kushida, I still have something I want to talk to you about.
Can you   stick around for a little bit?"   "Hmm?
Something to talk about?
Sure."   "Hey, Ayanokouji!
What do you need to talk to her about, huh?!
Don't   tell me it's..."   I dismissed Ike's fears with a wave of my hand.
But even after I said   we were just going to talk about Sakura, Ike got really close and whispered   into my ear that he didn't believe me."
If you do confess your feelings to her,   I won't forgive you.
You know that, right?"   You don't need to be so paranoid...
Like heck I was going to do that.
Besides, even if I did, I'd get   destroyed in one second."
Seriously.
If you're that worried about it, then wait in the hallway.
We'll be done in a minute."   Ike immediately agreed to wait.
He struck a pose and stretched himself   to his full height, parking himself in the hallway right outside my door.
After   the guys had left, I started to tell Kushida about the conversation I'd had with   Sakura that day."
Oh yeah.
So, about Sakura-san?"   "I was surprised when I found out that she was an idol, but I also kind   of understood it.
I wonder if that's her real personality?"   Though I'd avoided just stating this idea outright, I also thought that   Sakura had a hidden side, just like Kushida.
However, Kushida, who had a   different understanding of the facts, had come to an entirely different   conclusion."
I think that...
most likely, Sakura-san would say that her idol self is   actually her false face.
Well, I guess saying that it's false isn't right, either.
I   think that she's creating another personality with makeup."   "Makeup...
So in other words, it's a persona?"   "Yeah.
I think with the right pretenses in place, Sakura-san could evenmake herself smile in front of people."   Kushida sounded rather persuasive.
There was something true about   her words.
But at that moment, I began to think about what Kushida had been   trying to tell me during our last phone call."
Hey.
Back when we were talking on the phone, what was it you   wanted to tell me?"   Kushida's shoulders twitched slightly in response.
It was like she   hadn't remembered it until just now."
I'll tell you later.
Right now, our priority is to resolve this case.
Besides, it's a personal request."   "A personal request?"   I found her wording enticing, but it seemed like Kushida needed help   with something.
I didn't really stand out in any way.
I couldn't provide   something that Kushida lacked.
She could study, and she had ambition."
I'm sorry.
If I told you now, it'd just be a bother." She smiled bitterly   and clasped her hands together in apology."
Well, if things with Sudou turn out okay, could you tell me then?"   "Yes, that would be fine."   She turned and grabbed the door handle.
However, she suddenly   stopped, and remained perfectly still for a short while.
Looking at her back, I   had no idea what kind of expression she wore."
Kushida?"   Something seemed a little off.
After I said her name, Kushida turned   and closed the distance between us.
She stood on tiptoe, her heels lifting off   the ground as she put her hand on my chest and brought her mouth close to   my ear."
If you listen to my request, Ayanokouji-kun...
I'll give you my most   precious possession."   It was like the whisperings of a witch.
As if a sweet, yet potentially   deadly fragrance had taken hold of my heart.
I couldn't tell whether   Kushida's smile was genuine or bitter as she whispered in my ear.
The only   thing that I knew for certain was that Kushida was no angel.
As far as shewas concerned, I didn't know how to feel.
Most people had different sides to   them, but in her case it was more pronounced, as if another person lived   inside of her.
This Kushida was just kind of creepy.
I couldn't tell at all what her game was, what she was thinking or what   she wanted to do.
I couldn't even tell where the girl called Kushida Kikyou   had gone.
The change was so stark that I even found myself wondering if she   had a split personality.
The gap was that huge.
When she drew away again, I saw that Kushida had returned to being   the girl with the gentle smile.
When she opened the door, she called to Ike,   who had been waiting impatiently outside.
Not even the faintest trace of that   frightening Kushida remained.
5.
7   After everyone left, I sat in front of my computer and looked at   Sakura Airi's - I mean, the gravure idol Shizuku's - blog.
As I read through   the past entries, I saw that she had started blogging about two years ago.
Precisely around the time that Sakura started working as a gravure idol.
Her   hopes and aspirations for the future were spelled out in writing.
I didn't see   anything that especially stuck out, no red flags.
I checked out other idol blogs   just for reference, but they seemed similar.
I had to wonder, how would it have felt for a second-year junior high   student to debut in the entertainment world?
During one year, she'd updated   the blog almost every single day.
She wrote about what happened that day   and her thoughts.
She also responded to almost every single comment from   her fans.
But, just as I'd expected, she stopped replying after being accepted   to this school.
She had strictly adhered to the rule about contacting anyone outside the   school.
Although she wasn't really the direct center of attention, Sakura   seemed more popular than I had imagined.
She had over 5000 followers on   Twitter.
Many of them were fans that wanted her to return to doing gravure   magazines really soon, or asked if she had any plans to appear on television.
Among those many comments, a post from three months ago snagged my   attention."
Do you believe in fate?
I do.
I believe we will be together forever."   It that had been the only message, it would've been the delusional   fantasy of a fan.
But there was more every day, and it escalated quickly."
I can always feel you close to me."   "You were even cuter today, huh?"   "Did you notice when our eyes met?
I noticed."   If Sakura saw this, those words would probably frighten her.
It was   almost as if the poster wanted to be physically close to Shizuku so he could   whisper these words into her ear.
Were they just delusions?
Within this   heavily restricted school, only a very limited number of people could   encounter Sakura.
Students, teachers...
or anyone who did business with the school.
I   flashed on a memory of the man who worked at the campus electronic store.
Then, a post from last Sunday caused my hair to stand on end.
I had a   crushing realization."
Look, God is real after all."   Sakura had bought a digital camera after she enrolled in school.
Of   course, she'd probably disguised herself that day, just like any celebrity   would.
But while a disguise like that would make sense for her to use with   fans, that clerk had recognized who Sakura was.
Of course, there were only a   few ways that they could have contact at that point.
However, after Sakura's camera broke, he saw her.
Since she loved it   so, she had to fix it.
Given our circumstances it was nearly impossible for   someone in Class D to buy a new one.
However, because she took it in for   repair, there was the possibility that she'd encounter the store clerk.
She'd been hesitant to go get her camera repaired because of the clerk.
The clerk, on the other hand, had been in incredibly high spirits.
After all,   here was his chance to get his favorite idol's real name and phone number on   the form she had to fill out.
It also might explain why she'd called me that   evening and asked some rather significant questions.
When I thought about it, the answer seemed obvious.
I combed through   the comments, searching for more he might have written."
It's so mean for you to ignore me!
Or perhaps you just didn't notice   me?"   "What are you doing now?
I want to meet you, I want to meet you, I   want to meet you!"   Frightening comments were posted one after another.
Of course, other   fans had simply been disgusted by these comments, but it was different for   Sakura.
I wondered if knowing that he was so close pushed her to the point of   almost unimaginable terror?
But Sakura had concealed that from us, and now   she was desperately trying to fight Class C for us as a witness.
She was   probably hesitant to leave her dorm, considering how much this man's   existence terrified her.
If they were on the same campus, her fear wasn't surprising.
However,   there was hardly anything we could do, no plan we could implement to solvethe issue of this stalker by tomorrow.
In the end, the only option was to wait   on an SOS from the girl in question.
Please view the Illustration.
Chapter 6:   Truth and Lies   The day our fate would be decided was here.
Before anything else, I   wanted to confirm that Sakura was coming to school.
When I entered the   classroom, I saw the same thing as always.
Sakura sat quietly alone, so as not   to get roped into other students' conversations.
Her expression seemed even   gloomier than usual.
But in any case, she'd still come to school."
Are you okay?" I asked."
Ah, yeah.
I'm fine."   I wondered if she was nervous.
She seemed composed, if not   completely calm."
I thought that things would be tough if I were absent today, so..."   She understood that the entire class would be upset if she were absent,   so she'd made the painful decision to come to school.
I imagined it would be   impossible to tell her not to think about Sudou and the others."
Don't forget what I said yesterday.
Testify for your own sake, more   than anyone else's."   "Yeah.
I'll be okay."   Ike and Yamauchi looked over at Sakura with great curiosity.
Of   course, that was because they now knew of her idol identity.
Sakura was   probably sensitive enough to notice this.
She looked like she'd guessed that   Ike and Yamauchi had discovered her identity.
Oh no...
But Sakura just wore a thin smile and quietly mouthed the words, "It's   all right." She was aware that we knew of her double life.
Maybe working as   an idol had made her sensitive to subtle changes in a room.
6.
1   As the bell rang for the end of class, Horikita and I stood up."
Have you prepared for this, Sudou-kun?"   "Yeah...
I'm good.
I was born ready."   As if mentally preparing himself for what lay ahead, Sudou closed his   eyes and folded his arms.
But then he slowly opened his eyes again."
You might call me a complete idiot and make fun of me, but I'm me.
If you have something you want to say, say it now."   "Don't do anything selfish.
Actually listening right now would be the   clever thing to do, yes?"   "Ugh, you always act so high and mighty, lady."   When you saw them like this, it did seem as though they fought like   cats and dogs.
But at the very least, Sudou didn't hate Horikita.
If he did he   would've absolutely refused her help, no matter how advantageous her offer."
Do your best, Horikita-san.
Sudou-kun."   Horikita didn't respond at all, but Sudou pumped his fist to show   resolve.
I turned to check on Sakura who was still sitting down, her body   rigid.
She stood, her lips trembling slightly."
Yeah...
I'm okay.
Thank you..."   Sakura was far tenser than I'd expected.
If she was in this   psychological state before the meeting had even begun, she might not be able   to speak satisfactorily."
Let's go.
We'll make a bad impression if we're late."   The discussion was scheduled to begin at 4:00 PM.
It was already 3:50   PM.
We couldn't afford to take it slow.
When the four of us got to the faculty   room, a teacher waved at us to come on inside."
Yahoo!
Hello, Class D students!"   The homeroom teacher for Class B, Hoshinomiya-sensei, gave us this   happy-go-lucky greeting."
It seems like something rather incredible hashappened, hmm?"   Her eyes sparkled, as if she enjoyed sticking her nose into other   people's business.
(Well, she did)."
What are you doing this time?" Chabashira-sensei muttered."
Oh no.
I've been found out already, huh?"   Chabashira-sensei glared over at Hoshinomiya-sensei as she exited the   faculty room."
Whenever you sneak out, that's around the time I start to feel   suspicious."   Hoshinomiya gave a cute wink, as if saying, Teehee, you got me!"
So I   guess I can't join in, huh?"   "Of course you can't.
You know that outsiders cannot participate."   "Aw, that's too bad.
Well, that's all right.
The results should be out   within the hour, I guess."   Chabashira-sensei forcefully pushed Hoshinomiya-sensei back into the   faculty room."
Well then, shall we be going?" she asked us."
We're not going to do this in the faculty room, are we?"   "Of course not.
This school does have rather complicated rules, but in   cases such as these a settlement is reached between the homeroom teacher of   the class in question, the concerned parties, and the student council."   Horikita froze the very moment she heard the words "student council."   Chabashira-sensei turned and glanced sharply at Horikita's face."
If you want to stop, now's the time, Horikita."   Sudou, who didn't understand why Horikita would react that way,   looked confused.
It was almost as if a giant question mark was floating above   his head.
Our teacher, as usual, had revealed an important detail right at the   last minute."
I'll go.
I'm fine."   Horikita quickly glanced at me.
Her look probably meant something   like, Don't worry on my account.
We left the first-floor faculty room and   walked up three floors to the fourth.
A placard that read "Student CouncilRoom" was affixed to the wall near the doorway.
Chabashira-sensei knocked,   and we went inside.
Even though Horikita had winced, she immediately followed us.
Inside,   long tables had been arranged in rectangular formation.
The three students   from Class C had already arrived and were seated.
Beside them sat a   bespectacled male teacher in his 30s."
Sorry we're late," our sensei said."
It's before the scheduled start time.
There's no need for apologies."   "Have you already met?"   Sudou, Horikita, and I did not know the teacher."
This is Sakagami-sensei, the homeroom teacher for Class C.
Now   then."   One lone male student seated in the back of the room attracted   everyone's attention."
This is the student council president."   Horikita's older brother, without so much as even a glance at his sister,   pored over the documents on his desk.
Horikita directed her gaze at her   brother for a short time, but when she realized that she wasn't his focus, she   lowered her eyes and sat down in front of the Class C students."
Well then, I would now like to discuss the violent incident that   occurred last Tuesday with the members of the student council, the involved   parties, and their homeroom teachers.
You may begin the proceedings,   student council secretary Tachibana."   Secretary Tachibana, a woman with short hair, gave a slight bow."
Of course, considering the magnitude of this dispute, there are times   when the student council president will take over.
There are several unusual   things about this incident.
Other than that, the bulk of the proceedings will be   handled solely by Tachibana, as usual."   "Because I am quite busy, there are certain agenda topics upon which I   will defer.
As a general rule, though, I would prefer to attend to these issues,   as I'm entrusted to lead this student council."   "So, this is all by chance?" Chabashira-sensei smiled as she said that,but Horikita's older brother never wavered.
On the contrary though, Horikita   -Horikita the younger sister, I mean-couldn't hide her trembling.
Considering they were brother and sister, the odds were not in our favor.
In   fact, I couldn't help but think that this situation was extremely   disadvantageous, as Horikita couldn't demonstrate her usual prowess here.
Our expectations had been thoroughly shattered.
If the student council president acted, there'd be nothing we could do,   even if we didn't like it.
He'd enrolled in Class A and immediately taken   office as secretary for the student council.
In December of his first year, he   became the student council president after receiving an overwhelming   amount of support in the election.
Although some senior students had   naturally voiced their displeasure, our current, hopeless situation spoke to his   incredible abilities.
Secretary Tachibana summarized the situation from both sides in an   easy-to-understand manner.
There wasn't any need for further explanation."
Based on the aforementioned facts, we would like for you to identify   which version of events is true." After completing her explanation and the   preface to the proceedings, Secretary Tachibana turned her eyes toward us in   Class D."
Komiya-kun and two other members of the basketball club went to   the special building after Sudou-kun called them there.
There, they claim to   have been beaten up in a one-sided brawl.
Is this true?"   "What those guys said was a lie.
I was the one that got called over to   the special building," Sudou said."
That day, after practice, Komiya and   Kondou asked me to go to the special building.
Honestly, I thought it was   kind of annoying, but I also thought it might've been because they were   always hostile towards me.
So, I went to meet them."   Sudou wasn't one to mince words.
Normally, Horikita would have   been disgusted by his casual way of speaking, but judging from her trembling   she didn't hear him at all.
Sakagami-sensei, Class C's homeroom teacher,   stared in wide-eyed amazement."
That's a lie.
Sudou-kun called us over to the special building."   "Don't screw with me, Komiya!
You were the one who called me, you   jerk!"   "You don't seem to remember your position here."Sudou, irritated, impulsively struck his desk.
Immediate silence   followed."
Please calm down, Sudou-kun.
Right now, we're merely listening to   what both parties have to say.
Komiya-kun, we ask that you too please show   some restraint, and not interrupt."   "Puh, fine..."   "Both parties insist that the other called them over, so the accounts   conflict.
However, the stories share some commonality.
There was a dispute   between Sudou-kun, Komiya-kun, and Kondou-kun, correct?"   "I wouldn't call it a dispute.
Sudou-kun's always picking fights with   us."   "'Picking fights'?"   "Sudou's better at basketball than we are, so he's always bragging   about it.
We practice with everything we've got, but it doesn't exactly feel   good when he makes fools out of us.
So we often butt heads."   I didn't really know the details of Sudou's club activities, but when I   saw the veins popping on his forehead, it was rather obvious that they were   lying.
Next, Secretary Tachibana spoke to Sudou."
Not one bit of what Komiya said was true.
Those guys are just jealous   of my talent.
When I practice, they constantly get in my way.
That's the   truth."   Naturally, both sides claimed that the other party was at fault."
Both sides have given their grievances, but now we have to come to a   judgment with the collected evidence."   "Sudou-kun beat us senseless.
It was a one-sided fight."   Class C seemed intent on focusing the discussion on their injuries.
The   three students did seem to have black-and-blue faces.
That was undeniable."
That's a lie.
They attacked first.
It was self-defense."   "Hey, Horikita," I whispered to Horikita, who remained mute and kept   her head down.
Clearly, this situation was really bad.
If we wanted to stop   Sudou from getting carried away, we had to take action sooner rather than   later.
However, she showed no reaction.
It was as if her mind was gone.
Didher brother's mere presence truly have this much of an effect?
I flashed back to those two talking behind the dormitory.
I didn't really   understand the depth of the situation, but I suspected that Horikita had chased   after her extremely talented brother, enrolling in the same school to make him   recognize her abilities.
But regardless of her hopes and talents, the younger   sister in Class D was still very far away from her brother, the Class A student   council president.
To prove herself, she'd have to rise up to the same arena as   him."
If Class D has no further proof to offer, would you mind if we   continued the proceedings?"   If the student council and the teachers continued to sit in complete   silence, their judgment would almost certainly be merciless.
To prevent that,   we needed Horikita to rouse herself into action.
However, our team's most   crucial member withered and shrank before her older brother."
It would seem there's no objection, given the arguments we've heard   thus far." The student council president finally spoke.
Horikita's older   brother seemed as though he wanted to draw a conclusion as soon as   possible."
Regardless which party called the other over, the fact remains that it   was a one-sided fight between Sudou and the other students.
We can clearly   see that from the injuries they sustained.
We have no choice but to come up   with a conclusion based on that."   "W-wait!
I can't accept that!
It's just because those guys were a bunch   of wimps!"   The moment that Sudou uttered those words, I saw Sakagami-sensei   smile."
Then can it really be considered self-defense when fighting against   opponents of such unequal strength?"   "B-but, hey.
I was fighting against three people!
Three people!"   "But only the Class C students were hurt."   This was getting worse.
I resigned myself to the fact that I might be   killed later for doing this, but I got up slowly from my folding chair and   stood behind Horikita.
I stretched my arms out and grasped her sides as hardas I could."
Hyah?!" Horikita cried out in an abnormally girlish voice.
However,   this was not the time or place for me to focus on that.
Since she hadn't yet   regained her sanity, I grabbed her more forcefully and tickled her."
W-wait.
S-stop, stop!"   No matter how upset or dazed a person was, if you stimulated the body   enough, they'd come back to her senses.
Even if they didn't like it.
The   teachers seemed somewhat taken aback by my actions, but right then I didn't   care.
When I believed I'd roused her enough, I let go.
Horikita, looking like   she was about to cry, glared at me with startling intensity.
I'd had to force   her, but I knew it was essential to return Horikita to her usual self."
Get a grip on yourself, Horikita.
We're going to lose at this rate.
You   have to fight!"   "Tch..."   Horikita, looked at Class C, then the teacher, and then her brother as if   finally understanding our situation.
It seemed to dawn on her just how   desperate our situation was."
Excuse me.
May I ask a question?" she said."
Do you mind, president?"   "I'll allow it.
However, please answer more quickly next time."   Horikita slowly rose out of her chair."
Earlier, you said that Sudou-kun called you over to the special   building.
But who exactly did Sudou call, and why?"   Komiya and the other Class C students looked at one another, as if   saying, Why is she asking that question now?"
Please answer." Horikita added those last two words to reinforce her   aggressive style of questioning.
Secretary Tachibana allowed it."
Kondou and I don't know why he called us over.
When we'd just   finished up for the day and were changing, he said he wanted to talk to us for   a minute.
Wasn't the reason just that he didn't like us?"   "So then, why exactly were you in the special building, Ishizaki-kun?
You're not on the basketball team, so you have no connection to this case.
I'dthink your presence there would be rather odd."   "That's...
I came as a precaution.
There were rumors that Sudou was   violent.
He's also in better shape than we are, physically.
I had to go, didn't   I?"   "So in other words, you felt the situation might turn violent?"   "Yeah." They answered in unison, almost as if they'd expected these   questions.
It appeared that the Class C students had thoroughly rehearsed for   this conference."
I see.
So you brought along Ishizaki-kun as your bodyguard, since he   was reputed to be rather good at fighting.
Just in case there was an   emergency."   "It was to protect ourselves.
That was it.
Besides, we didn't know that   Ishizaki-kun was known for being good in a fight.
We just considered him a   reliable friend."   Horikita quietly listened to their responses, as if running various   simulations in her head.
Then she immediately made her next move."
I do have some knowledge of martial arts, if only to a certain extent.
I   understand that when you're fighting against multiple enemies, victory   becomes exponentially more difficult.
So I don't understand how you were   defeated so handily, how the fight could be so one-sided, when you had a   skilled fighter like Ishizaki-kun with you."   "Because we didn't intend to fight."   "The primary factor in triggering a fight is the collision of the 'energy'   between opponents.
In the event that you don't have any intention of fighting,   or that you're nonviolent, the probability that you'll be hurt should be very   low.
Especially when there are three of you."   Horikita's opinion was very objective, grounded in evidence, rules, and   her own logic.
On the other end, Komiya fought back with his own weapon,   real evidence."
That way of thinking doesn't apply to Sudou-kun.
He's exceptionally   violent.
Even if we were nonviolent, he'd still be mercilessly violent.
That's   what happened."   He peeled off the gauze that covered his cheek, exposing the scrapesunderneath.
No matter how many reasonable arguments Horikita made, his   injury gave powerful evidence."
Are you finished with your claims now, Class D?" said Horikita's   older brother coolly.
After staying silent while Horikita gave her argument,   his words were few and icy.
His look seemed to suggest that if that was all   we had to say, it would've been better not to say anything at all."
It's true that Sudou injured the other students.
However, Class C   started the fight.
There is one student witness who saw the entire incident and   can attest to this."   "Well then, Class D-if Class D's witness would please enter?"   Sakura, looking worried and restless, walked into the student council   room.
She looked down at her feet, as if scared of danger."
1-D, Sakura Airi-san."   "I thought I'd heard something or other about a witness, but you're a   Class D student?" Sakagami, the Class C's homeroom instructor, snickered   while wiping his glasses."
Is there a problem, Sakagami-sensei?"
No, no, please.
Go ahead."   Sakagami-sensei and Chabashira-sensei exchanged looks."
You may begin your testimony, if you wouldn't mind, Sakura-san."   "Y-yes, okay...
Well...
I..."   She stopped speaking.
A period of silence followed.
Ten seconds.
Twenty seconds.
Sakura steadily looked further downward, and her face   became increasingly pale."
Sakura-san..." Horikita, unable to take any more, addressed Sakura.
Unlike before, the words didn't seem to reach her."
Apparently she didn't witness anything.
More of this would just be a   waste of our time."   "Why are you in such a hurry, Sakagami-sensei?"   "I want to speed this along.
If we waste time, my students will suffer.
These students are the joyful heart of their class, so I've no doubt that theirmany friends are worried about them.
Also, they're striving to improve their   basketball skills, and we're depriving them of valuable practice time.
As a   teacher, I can't overlook this."   "I see.
You're probably right about that."   You'd think that Chabashira-sensei would ally herself with Class D,   but that didn't seem to be the case.
Instead, she nodded in apparent agreement   with Sakagami-sensei."
You're certainly right that this is a waste of time, so I suppose we   have no choice.
You can come down now, Sakura."   Chabashira-sensei ordered Sakura to leave, almost as if she'd lost   interest.
The student council members didn't ask for a delay or anything.
The   writing was clearly on the student council room wall, and it spelled Class D's   defeat.
Sakura closed her eyes tightly, as if she couldn't bear it anymore, as if   she regretted her own weakness.
Even Sudou, Horikita, and I felt like this   was impossible for Sakura, and mentally resigned herself.
Then, it happened.
An unexpected voice reverberated throughout the   room."
I definitely saw what happened!"   It was certainly Sakura's voice, though it took me several seconds to   recognize it.
What most struck me was the volume of her voice."
The students in Class C threw the first punch.
There's no mistake   about that!"Please view the Illustration.
Sakura's words had a force that belied the image she'd presented at   first.
She spoke so desperately that you wanted to believe she was telling the   truth.
She certainly made me believe it.
However, much like a magical spell,   the effect lasted for only a few minutes.
If the audience remained calm, it   wouldn't be difficult for them to see through it."
Excuse me, but may I say something?" asked Sakagami-sensei,   raising his hand."
Normally, teachers are asked to speak as little as possible, but this   situation is just too pitiful.
Student council president, do you mind?"   "I'll allow it."   "In regards to what you've said, Sakura-kun, I do not necessarily doubt   you.
However, I have one thing to ask.
You've stepped forward to testify as a   witness, but you were rather late in doing so.
May I ask why?
I would think if   you really did see something, you would have come forward much earlier."   Sakagami-sensei harped on the same point that Chabashira-sensei had."
That's...
Well, that's...
I didn't want to get involved..."   "Why didn't you want to get involved?"   "Because I'm not very good at talking with other people..."   "I see.
I understand that.
However, I'd like to say something else.
You're not good at talking with others, and yet when the week was nearly out   you stepped forward as a witness.
Doesn't that seem rather odd?
To my mind,   it seems Class D secretly put a story together and are having you act as a   false witness to give phony testimony."   After conferring together, the Class C students answered that they'd   thought so, too."
That's...
I'm just...
telling the truth..."   "No matter how poor your communication skills might be, I can see   you haven't testified with much confidence.
Is that because you're tormented   with guilt, because you know what you're saying is actually a lie?"   "N-no, that's not it..."   "I'm not blaming you.
You were probably forced to lie for your class's   sake, to save Sudou-kun.
Weren't you?
If you come forward and confesshonestly to us now, you won't be punished."   The teacher's relentless psychological attacks just kept coming.
Of   course Horikita raised her hand."
That is not the case.
It is certainly true that Sakura-san is not good at   speaking before others.
However, it is precisely because she witnessed the   incident that she is standing here today.
Otherwise, she most likely would   not, even if we'd asked her.
Don't you think that if we needed someone who   could speak boldly, we would have found a replacement?"   "I don't think so.
There are excellent students in Class D, students such   as yourself, Horikita-san.
By setting up a person like Sakura-san as your   witness, it would establish a sense of realism that you yourself could not."   Sakagami-sensei probably didn't actually believe this.
However, no   matter what response we volleyed back, I was convinced that he'd do   anything to block us.
Just as I'd felt from the start, a Class D witness did not   carry enough weight.
No matter how many times we stressed the truth, they   would say that we were lying.
If the testimony came from someone on your   side, they wouldn't accept it.
Had we run out of options?
Sakagami-sensei gave a hostile grin as he   began to sit back down."
If you want proof...
I'll give it to you!"   Sakagami-sensei froze in response to Sakura's words."
Please, let's not force this situation to continue.
If there really was   evidence, you would have presented it at an earlier stage-"   Sakura loudly slammed her hand on the desk, and threw down what   looked to be a few small, rectangular pieces of paper."
What are those?"   Because she'd produced something other than words, Sakagami-   sensei's expression stiffened for the first time."
This is proof that I was in the special building that day!"   Secretary Tachibana walked over to Sakura.
Though she hesitated at   first, she then reached for the paper.
No, those weren't pieces of paper like   I'd thought.
They were photos.
"President."   After looking at the photographs, Secretary Tachibana handed them   over to the student council president.
Horikita's older brother, after looking at   the pictures for some time, laid them out on the desk so that we could see.
We saw Sakura in those pictures, but this Sakura wore a lovely expression   that looked both similar and dissimilar to the Sakura with us now.
It was the   idol, Shizuku."
I'm...
I was looking for places where no one was around so I could   take pictures of myself.
The pictures also show the date and time, which   proves that I was there when I said."   The date on the pictures definitely showed that they'd been taken in the   evening one week ago.
That would've been around the time that Sudou and   the others finished their club activities for the day.
Horikita and I   unintentionally gasped in response to this new evidence.
We began to see   changes in the three Class C students, who up until now had been playing the   part of victims.
They were visibly shaking."
What did you use to take these photos?" asked Sakagami-sensei."
A digital...
camera."   "You can alter the date rather easily with a digital camera, though.
If   you manipulated these photos on a computer, you could effectively set them   at the time and date of the incident.
This are inadequate evidence."   "But Sakagami-sensei, don't you think this photo is different?"   Horikita's older brother slid out one of the photos we hadn't yet seen, and   handed it to the teacher."
Th-this?!"   The photo showed the fight itself; clearly there was no need to nitpick   the time.
The setting sun bathed the hallway in dusky light.
The picture   seemed to show what had happened immediately after Sudou hit Ishizaki."
I think that you'll believe I was there after seeing...
this."   "Thank you, Sakura-san."   This picture had absolutely saved Horikita as well.
To rescue such an   overwhelmingly disadvantageous situation...
"I see.
Well, you do seem to be telling the truth about witnessing the   incident.
That much I simply must accept.
However, I can't ascertain how the   situation started from this picture.
This doesn't prove that you saw the entire   incident."   It was certainly true that this picture made it look like the fight had   already ended.
We couldn't call this definitive evidence."
So, what do you think, Chabashira-sensei?
Why not look for a   compromise here?" Sakagami-sensei asked."
Compromise?"   "I'm convinced that Sudou-kun lied in his testimony."   "You jerk!" Sudou stood up, looking ready to fly out of his chair, but   finally grabbed hold of his own arms and pinned himself down."
No matter how long we go back and forth, we'll never reach an   agreement.
We won't change our testimony, and your side won't give up or   admit that you conspired with the witness.
In other words, you won't stop.
It'll be an endless cycle of saying that the other side is lying.
In addition, the   picture is too inconclusive to be considered definitive proof.
Therefore, I   suggest we compromise.
I do think that the students from Class C are   responsible for some of the blame here.
There were three students up against   Sudou, and one of them has a history of fighting, which is a problem.
So how   about two weeks of suspension for Sudou-kun, and one week of suspension   for my students?
What do you think of that?
The weight of the punishment is   different, of course, but I think that matches the difference in sustained   injuries."   Horikita's older brother stayed silent as he listened to Sakagami-sensei.
It seemed that Class C was willing to compromise only halfway.
If we hadn't   had Sakura's testimony or evidence, Sudou-kun probably would have been   suspended for over a month.
Asking for less than half of that made this a   considerable concession."
Don't screw around!
This isn't a joke!" Sudou raged."
Chabashira-sensei.
What do you think?" Sakagami-sensei didn't even   glance at Sudou."
We seem to have already reached a logical conclusion.
There's noreason to refuse Sakagami-sensei's proposal," Chabashira-sensei said.
His proposal was certainly a reasonable compromise.
Horikita looked   up at the ceiling, as if quietly mulling over everything that had gone on so far.
No matter how much we resisted, Sudou wouldn't be acquitted entirely   without conclusive evidence.
Horikita had known this from the very   beginning.
She had concluded that we needed to reach a compromise.
For a Class   D student, Horikita was quite impressive.
However, if she was aiming to make it to Class A, she couldn't give up   here.
I hadn't intended to speak out until the very end, but I decided to lend a   helping hand, perhaps out of respect for Sakura's earlier courage."
Horikita, are we really out of options?" I asked."
............"   Horikita did not respond.
Well, did she even have any words left?"
I'm not very smart, so I can't really come up with a solution.
I do,   however, think that we probably should accept the compromise that you have   offered us, Sakagami-sensei," I said."
Right," Sakagami-sensei replied with a smile, pushing his glasses   back up his nose."
We have no definitive proof of Sudou's innocence.
I suppose I should   say such evidence just doesn't exist.
If this event had occurred in a classroom   or the convenience store, a greater number of students would have been   around to see it, and there probably would have been sound evidence.
There's   no record of anyone watching this scene unfold.
Since this event took place   in the special building, where there weren't any people around, there's   nothing we can do."   I sighed deeply and shook my head.
I looked straight into Horikita's   eyes, and she gazed back at me.
I spoke as if we were accepting defeat."
I understand why we're having this discussion.
No matter how much   we appeal to the contrary, Class C won't admit that they lied.
Sudou won't   admit that he lied, either.
We really would just keep going back and forth.
Honestly, it's getting to the point where I would've been happier never   having had this discussion in the first place.
Don't you agree?"Horikita cast her eyes down.
I wondered what she was thinking.
If she   took my words only at surface value, then things would end here."
So, that's it, yes?
Well, Class D representative Horikita-san.
Please   give your opinion on the matter." Sakagami-sensei had taken what I'd said   literally.
In other words, as a declaration of defeat.
For Class C, victory meant   not allowing Sudou to be acquitted.
The teacher's expression indicated that   he had won this match."
I understand..." Horikita answered, slowly looking back up."
Horikita!" Sudou cried.
It was the roar of a man who, more than   anyone else, did not want to admit defeat.
He couldn't.
However, Horikita   did not stop there.
She continued with her closing remarks."
I think that Sudou, who caused the incident, has a problem.
He   doesn't ever stop to consider his actions, which inconveniences everyone   around him.
He has a history of getting in fights.
He's the type to raise his   voice and fists right away whenever something displeases him.
In the event   of an uproar such as this, well, it should be obvious who caused it."   "H-hey!"   "You need to understand, Sudou.
Your attitude caused all of this."   Horikita glared intensely over at Sudou, almost as if to outdo Sudou's own   ferocity."
This is why I wasn't motivated at all to help Sudou-kun in the   beginning.
I knew that even if I forced myself to lend a hand, he would just   repeat the same mistakes again and again."   "A very honest answer.
The matter seems settled now, wouldn't you   say?"   "Thank you very much.
Please take your seat now," Secretary   Tachibana said to Horikita.
A period of silence followed.
After that came Sudou's clearly irritated   bellow.
And then, even after five, then ten seconds of waiting, Horikita did   not sit back down."
Will you take your seat now?" Secretary Tachibana asked Horikita to   sit once again, as if she suspected that Horikita couldn't hear her.
Yet   Horikita still did not sit.
She fixated on the teachers, continuing to stare right   at them.
"He should reflect on his actions.
However, not in this particular case.
When I say he should reflect, I mean that he should look back on his past   actions.
In regards to this particular incident, however, I don't think Sudou-   kun did anything wrong.
This was not an unfortunate event that occurred   merely by chance.
I'm convinced that this was a deliberate move made by   Class C.
I have absolutely no intention of meekly accepting defeat."   Horikita broke the long silence with these haughty words."
So then...
what do you mean?" Horikita's older brother looked at his   younger sister for the first time.
Horikita did not shrink under his gaze.
She   probably felt that this wasn't the time to be frightened, that she had to be   brave in front of Sakura.
Or perhaps she could see the path to a final   resolution?"
If you did not understand, I will say it once again.
We claim that   Sudou-kun is completely innocent.
Therefore, we cannot accept his   suspension from school, even for just one day."   "Ha ha...
What can I even say?
We did this intentionally?
What a   bizarre claim.
Apparently, the student council president's younger sister can't   help but spew nonsense."   "Sudou-kun is the victim, just as the witness testified.
Please do not   make any errors in your judgment."   The Class C students began to shout insistently."
Don't screw around!
I'm the victim here!"   Sudou, compelled by the shouting, raised his own voice again.
The   objections came fast and furious.
Everyone understood that we would not   find a solution this way."
That's enough.
Continuing this discussion would just be a waste of   time." Horikita Manabu looked at us as if we were just swapping lies in a   giant mudslinging match."
What I've learned today is that each side has an exact opposite claim.
In that case, one side is propagating an extremely malicious falsehood."   D or C?
Which class was lying to the school?
If this fact became   known, the consequences would be greater than suspension."
I'll ask you, Class C.
Have you lied to us today?""Of...
of course not!"   "Well, what about you, Class D?"   "I haven't lied.
Everything we've said has been the truth."   "Then we will regroup here for a retrial tomorrow at 4:00 PM.
If by then   it hasn't been clearly established which party has lied, or in the event no one   admits that they were at fault, we will pass judgment based on the evidence   we've collected thus far.
Of course, in that case we may have to consider the   possibility of expulsion from this school.
That is all."   After offering that statement, Horikita's older brother ended the   proceedings.
If the trial was set to reopen at 4:00 tomorrow, that was a very   small window of time in which to uncover new evidence."
Would be possible to have a little more time before we reconvene?"   Horikita asked, raising her hand.
She hadn't protested, but she had made an   offer."
If this matter required some extra time before retrial, then the student   council president would have offered a sufficient grace period.
In other   words, the amount of time granted should be enough for this case.
Extensions   are only offered under special circumstances," answered Chabashira-sensei,   folding her arms.
It appeared she'd taken the student council's intentions into   consideration.
We were told to leave.
Everyone looked dissatisfied as they exited the   student council office.
Sakagami-sensei approached Sakura, who seemed to   be on the verge of tears.
He said something very cold to her."
I want you to reflect on the fact that many students will be involved in   this due to your lies.
Also, if you think that we'll go easy on you if you start   crying, then I am afraid you are being foolish.
You should be ashamed of   yourself."   Sakagami-sensei and his students left, leaving those words hanging in   the air.
The Class C students repeatedly complained that the witness's lies   were far too much on their way out, almost as if they wanted Sakura to hear   them.
Silence enveloped the student council room immediately afterward.
Sakura, trying to stifle her voice as best she could, burst into tears."
I tried my absolute hardest to speak up during the discussion, but dowe even have a chance?
Horikita?"   "I won't give up.
I will keep fighting to support your testimony until   the end," Horikita said."
You understand that we won't solve this problem just by being   stubborn.
Won't that just hurt more people in the process?"   "I have no intention of losing.
Well then, I must excuse myself."   With that, Horikita turned and left.
Sudou followed.
I left the student   council room alongside Sakura."
I'm sorry, Ayanokouji-kun...
If I'd only stepped forward in the very   beginning, everything would have been fine, but...
Everything turned out this   way because I didn't have the courage."   "It would've ended the same even if you had stepped forward at the   beginning.
They would've fought to discredit your testimony simply because   the witness came from Class D.
The result would be the same."   "But!"   If they suspected Sakura to be a liar, she probably wouldn't be able to   save Sudou by herself.
Overcome with emotion, Sakura started crying, large   tears rolling down her cheeks.
If Hirata were here, he probably would've   kindly offered her a handkerchief.
Strangely enough, this scene seemed to   mimic the time Horikita had collapsed briefly when reunited with her brother.
It was a moment of deep de?ja? vu.
Why was this world divided into winners and losers?
I'd already   witnessed many victories and defeats, and had seen how closely joy and   sorrow seemed to be linked to those outcomes.
I couldn't just abandon   Sakura, so I decided to wait until she could move."
You're still here?"   Horikita's older brother and Secretary Tachibana came out of the   student council room.
Secretary Tachibana began locking the door with a   key."
What are you planning to do?"   "What do you mean?" I asked."
I thought that when you came here with Suzune, you'd unveil somekind of master plan."   "I'm not exactly Zhuge Liang or Kuroda Kanbei.
I don't have any   plans."   "So does that mean when Suzune claimed Sudou was completely   innocent, she was merely getting carried away?"   "Hyperbole, you mean?
I don't think so."   "I see."   Strangely enough, though my exchanges with Horikita's brother up to   now had been short, our conversation continued.
Though he'd left a bad   impression on me during our first meeting, I found him easy to talk to now.
Perhaps this was to be expected of someone who had climbed the ranks to   become student council president.
He had a superior understanding of human   nature."
Then there's what you said, Sakura." Horikita's brother turned to   Sakura, who'd stifled her crying."
Eyewitness testimony and pictorial   evidence certainly carry weight during deliberation.
However, please keep in   mind that how much we value the evidence is determined by how much we   trust in its believability.
No matter what you do, the evidence's legitimacy is   reduced because you are a student from Class D.
No matter how detailed   your account, we cannot accept it as one hundred percent true."   Basically, he was calling Sakura a liar."
I-I...
I just...
told the truth..."   "If you can't prove it, then it's little more than nonsense."   Sakura hung her head low in frustration, crying once again."
I believe her.
I believe Sakura's testimony," I said."
Since she's a Class D student, it's only natural that you would want to   believe her."   "I didn't say that I want to believe her.
I said I believe her.
Those mean   different things."   "So can you prove it?
Can you prove she's not lying?"   "That's not up to me.
Your sister will prove it.
If Sakura isn't lying,   then she will find a way to convince everyone."Horikita's brother chuckled softly, then smiled, as if to suggest such a   thing couldn't be done.
After Horikita's brother and Tachibana left, I approached Sakura, who   still was not able to move."
Come on.
Chin up, Sakura.
There's no use in crying forever."   "But...
it's all my fault...
Hic."   "You didn't do anything wrong.
You just told the truth.
Right?"   "But...
I..."   "I'll say it one more time.
You didn't do anything wrong."   I crouched slightly so I could meet Sakura's eyes.
She lowered her   head once more, like she didn't want anyone to see her tears."
I believe in you.
I'm grateful that you came here today.
Thanks to   you, we now have a chance to save Sudou and our classmates."   "But...
I...
Wasn't I completely useless?"   Just how little confidence did this girl have in herself?"
I believe you because you're my friend."   I put my hand on her shoulder.
Turning her around somewhat forcibly,   I tried to make her look me in the eye.
I repeated it with conviction.
I told her, "Do it for yourself."6.
2   "I let you see something so embarrassing..."   Sakura, walking next to me, had stopped crying.
She now wore a   sheepish smile."
It's been such a long time since I cried in front of someone.
I feel a   little relieved, actually."   "I'm glad.
When I was a kid, I used to cry in front of people all the   time."   "I had no idea that you were like that, Ayanokouji-kun.
That's   completely unlike the image I have of you."   "Yeah, I cried a lot.
Maybe 10 or 20 times in front of other people."   I'd been frustrated and embarrassed, but I'd been unable to stop crying.
However, people who cried could grow stronger and move forward.
Sakura   seemed to be the type who bottled up her feelings.
This incident might have   been an important step forward for her."
I was really happy...
when you said that you believed me."   "It's not just me.
Horikita, Kushida, and Sudou do, too.
All of our   classmates believe you."   "Yeah...
But you came out and told me directly, Ayanokouji-kun.
You   said it."   Sakura wiped her eyes once again, probably because the tears blurred   her vision."
You gave me courage.
I was happy," she said, with a small smile.
When I heard that, I felt relieved.
Even if we could've saved Sudou just   by forcing Sakura to come forward and pushing her into an uncomfortable   situation, it wouldn't have been a perfect solution.
The two of us lapsed into   silence.
Neither of us was very good at making conversation.
However, it   didn't feel strange or unpleasant."
U-um, well...
I don't think I should be saying this now, but..."Just as we neared the entranceway, Sakura opened her mouth."
Actually...
I...
Right now..."   "Yahoo!
You're really late, huh?"   Ichinose and Kanzaki were waiting for us by the entranceway.
They   must've been on tenterhooks about the trial's results."
Were you waiting for us?" I asked."
We were wondering what happened."   I stopped and turned to Sakura."
Sorry, Sakura.
Can we continue this   later?"   Sakura opened up her shoe locker and looked inside.
She turned her   face to me."
Oh, no, it's nothing.
I just...
wanted to say that I would try my   best.
I'll be brave."   With this quick answer, she lowered her head and left."
Sakura?" I tried to stop her, but she hurried out the door."
I'm sorry.
Was this a bad time?" Ichinose asked."
No, it's fine."   I described the events that had transpired in the student council room."
I see.
So, you rejected the compromise, huh?
Class D is insisting on   Sudou's innocence until the very end?"   "Well, if Sudou even got as little as one day's suspension, Class C   would win."   In other words, the compromise had been a trap.
A sweet trap set to   lure us to our defeat.
The two of them didn't seem convinced, though.
Kanzaki in particular insisted that we'd made the wrong choice."
The fact remains that he hit the other students.
Your opponents made   a concession because of corroboration from the witness and her evidence.
You should've accepted the compromise."   "But like Ayanokouji-kun says, Sudou's suspension would be a loss for   Class D.
If Sudou were suspended due to his bad behavior, then his chances   of being a team regular would probably vanish.
He'd be back to square one.""He might not just be sent back to square one.
It might be worse,   actually.
If the school knew both sides shared the responsibility, they'd take   that into account when assigning punishments.
However, if Sudou's share of   the blame increases tomorrow, it'll be bad news."   Neither of them were wrong.
Either we appealed for his innocence, or   we accepted the deal.
One of those was the correct answer."
I see.
I think so, too."   "If you think so, shouldn't you have stopped it?"   "If you're brought back into a retrial, you'll inevitably lose.
Just like   Kanzaki says, obtaining a not-guilty verdict is virtually impossible."   No matter our testimony, no matter how passionately we made our   claims, we couldn't win on that point.
It wasn't about just winning or losing   anymore.
We'd come to an impasse on the battlefield."
Are you still going to fight?
Even without new evidence or   testimony?"   "Our leader gave us her decision.
We'll fight to the bitter end."   Horikita wasn't stupid.
She already knew well enough that this   extension wasn't a victory.
Yet she'd still made the choice to press forward,   intending to fight on.
That Class D was prepared to face the difficulties ahead   was proof of our readiness."
Hmm.
Well, I don't think we'll be able to obtain any more leads, but   I'll go check what information I can gather from the Internet." Though it   wouldn't have been odd for her to wash her hands off us at this point,   Ichinose laughed and still offered her cooperation."
I'll do my absolute best to look for more evidence or another   witness." Even though Kanzaki would have opted for compromise, his   cooperation also remained unwavering."
You're still willing to help us?" I asked."
We're in too deep now.
Besides, it's like we said before.
We can't   forgive liars."   Kanzaki nodded.
These were really good people."
I sincerely appreciate the offer, but it's not necessary."Horikita, who I thought had returned to the dorms, suddenly stood   alongside us.
Had she been waiting for me?"
Not necessary?
What do you mean, Horikita-san?"   "We cannot get Sudou acquitted.
Even if a new witness were to come   from Class A or B, it would be impossible.
However...
there is something I   would like you to prepare for us.
It is the only possible solution."   "Preparing something?"   "That's-"   Horikita proceeded to explain to us what she wanted.
The previously   calm Ichinose's expression now stiffened."
Oh...
That's going to be a really hard request."   If Ichinose was this hesitant, perhaps it truly was unreasonable.
Kanzaki fell silent and appeared deep in thought."
I understand that I'm in no position to ask this," Horikita said."
The   burden I'd be placing upon you is exceptionally great.
But-"   "Ah, no.
Well, this should be within the range of what we can do, I   think.
That's because I plan to figure out what's happening to Class D.
I've   got tons and tons of things I want to know, but...
Well, maybe it would be   better for you not to tell us why?"   "You're certainly right about that.
Well then, if I can convince you,   will you cooperate with us?"   Horikita continued to explain the details of her solution to Ichinose,   Kanzaki, and me.
Why was it necessary?
What would we use it for?
What   was its purpose?
After Horikita had finished, Kanzaki and Ichinose stood lost   in silent thought."
You should understand the risks as well as the usefulness of this   strategy," Horikita said."
When did you come up with this?" Ichinose asked."
Just before the deliberation ended.
Only by chance, though."   "That...
an incredible move.
I went to the scene of the crime and even I   didn't think of that.
Or, I guess I should say, I was completely in the dark   about it.
It wasn't even close to what I could imagine." Ichinose appeared tounderstand the plan and its intended effect.
However, her expression was still   distant, and she still seemed to be thinking."
An unusual idea.
You can probably anticipate the results, too.
But   does such a thing even exist?" she asked Kanzaki, who seemed a little   shocked."
It might be contrary to your ethics and morals, Ichinose."   "Ha ha, yeah.
You might be right.
It's a change for me.
But...
it's   certainly one way of doing things."   "Yeah.
That's what I thought as well.
It's something that never should   have been done."   Were they going to lend us a hand?
There were lies baked into this   strategy.
For someone like Ichinose, who hated lying, it was a harsh request."
Well, since a lie started all this trouble, maybe it'll take another lie to   close the books on this incident.
That's what I think, anyway."   "Mmmhmm, I see.
An eye for an eye, a lie for a lie, yeah?
But is that   even possible, I wonder?
I can't imagine such a thing would be easy to   obtain."   "Don't worry about that part.
I've confirmed it," Horikita said.
Had she left the student council room immediately to ascertain whether   or not it was possible to collect the proof she needed?"
If you ask the Professor to assist us, it should be good.
I'll talk to   him."   Horikita gave a slight nod.
She apparently didn't have any objections."
Hey, Kanzaki-kun.
Did you help us so that we would outpace Class   C?"   "Yeah.
That's right."   "But I was just thinking, perhaps what we're doing right now might   end up coming back to bite you in the ass later?"   "That could happen."   "Man.
I completely neglected to calculate the fact that Class D has a   girl like you." Ichinose, after complimenting Horikita, took out her cell phonewith a look of slight amazement."
I'll lend this to you.
Please return it later."   With that, she affirmed her willingness to help."
Sure.
I promise." Horikita, grateful for the assistance, accepted it   without any hesitation."
Well then, Ayanokouji-kun.
There's something I'd   like you to help me with."   "If it's not something really bothersome, sure.
I'll help."   "Helping others is fundamentally bothersome and time-consuming."   In other words, I needed to prepare myself.
I didn't see a way out of   this, so I hesitantly decided to yield to Horikita."
Okay, let's g-?!"   I received a shocking blow to my side.
The pain was sudden and   intense.
I tumbled into the corner as if blown by a stiff breeze."
I'll forgive you for touching me this time.
However, next time I'll pay   you back double."   "Wha- Ah, ah!"   The pain stole my voice, as if I weren't allowed to argue.
Wait, when   she said she'd pay me back "double," she meant her blows would be twice as   hard as now?
That was unimaginable!
Dumbfounded, Ichinose watched the whole spectacle.
She looked at   Horikita as if the girl were something terrifying.
Remember that well,   Ichinose.
Horikita was a woman without mercy...
Gulp.
Please view the Illustration.
Chapter 7:   Only One Solution   The summer sun hanging in the sky was dazzlingly hot.
As I took   each step along the tree-lined path to school, my body screamed in agony.
Sweat poured down my face.
A cheerful student ran alongside and overtook   me.
She certainly looked lively.
Alternatively, perhaps she was crazy?
I   probably wouldn't run even if I were being chased by the apocalypse.
Just beyond the trees, light filtering down through their leaves, a lone   female student was sitting against the handrail.
She looked over at me.
How   could this beautiful girl be so good at positioning herself against the scenery?
The thought occurred to me to capture this idyllic scene in a photograph.
However, I didn't have the guts to take her picture."
Good morning, Ayanokouji-kun."   "Were you waiting for someone, Horikita?"   "Yes.
I was waiting for you."   "I guess if you wanted to confess your feelings, it'd be best just to get   the words out."   "Are you an idiot?" she spat.
I felt hotter than ever."
Everything will be decided today," I said."
Yeah."   "I was thinking...
maybe I made a mistake.
The wrong choice..."   "Would you be happy if we'd compromised?"   I didn't want to think about it, but Horikita continued."
If Sudou-kun is   penalized for this, it'll be my responsibility."   "So you do worry about things like this, huh?"   "The truth is that we're gambling.
I'm a little anxious of the outcome.
Are you okay?"   "We have the strategy you proposed yesterday.
Ichinose will be there,   too.
We'll manage."I lightly patted Horikita's shoulder and continued walking."
Hey-"   "Hmm?"   "Nothing.
After we settle this case," replied Horikita, as if she'd been   about to say something.
She shut her mouth.
7.
1   I noticed a change as soon as I set foot inside the classroom.
Sakura,   who usually made it to school just in the nick of time, was already sitting at   her desk.
Had she come here early for any specific reason?
Horikita also looked shocked to see Sakura.
Moreover, Sakura's body   language itself...
Well, she looked the same as usual, but I felt like she was   sitting up straight, as if ready for something.
It was such a subtle difference   that you couldn't really call it a change.
It was so miniscule that if you told   me I was imagining it, I would say you were right and drop it.
Just as we were about to pass Sakura's seat, she looked up.
Instead of a   proper greeting, she meekly raised her hand.
For someone like Sakura, that   seemed an appropriate response.
That's what I thought, until-   "Um...
Good morning, Ayanokouji-kun.
Horikita-san."   "G-good morning..."   That was the first time Sakura had given a morning greeting.
I was so   shocked that my response stuck in my throat.
Our eyes didn't meet, but she   still desperately tried to squeeze out the words."
What's with her?" Horikita muttered."
Maybe because of what happened yesterday, she took a step forward   on the path to adulthood?"   Sakura, who rarely spoke in front of others, had boldly given testimony   in a tense environment.
She'd likely taken the opportunity for some self-   reflection."
People don't change so easily.
Trying to change yourself is virtually   impossible." Horikita's brief but realistic statement shattered the lovely   image I'd created.
As I was no idealist myself, I thought Horikita was mostly   correct.
There was no truly major difference between the today's Sakura and   yesterday's.
However, it certainly wouldn't be true to say she was exactly the same.
In order to change, first she had to think about changing herself.
She had to   want to change.
There was no mistaking that."
As long as she doesn't overdo it, I think it'll be fine," Horikita said."
Overdo it?"   "If she tries to do what isn't possible for someone like her yet, she'll   just set herself up to fail."   There was a mysterious yet convincing power to Horikita's words,   almost as if she were speaking from experience."
Well, as a loner who loves her solitude, you're very persuasive on this   topic."   "Do you want to die for good?"   Perhaps she didn't come from solitude, but rather from hell...
I observed Sakura from a distance.
She wasn't yet in a state where she   could easily greet other students.
Just as I'd expected, she didn't   spontaneously become sociable.
Would it be better if she didn't force herself?
Certainly.
She didn't usually talk to anyone, but she gave us a greeting.
What   another would consider a trivial action was a tremendous mental and physical   strain on Sakura.
It was hard to think that this wouldn't have an effect on her.
Then   again, she might split at the seams if she tried to force herself to change too   much.
We should take care with how we executed our strategy.
7.
2   It took approximately 30 minutes for the discussion to start.
I stood   and began to leave the classroom, heading to meet someone at a certain   rendezvous spot.
Before I left, I decided to have a word with Sakura."
Sakura.
Are you heading back now?" I asked as she prepared to leave."
Ayanokouji-kun...
We're having the trial today."   "I'm not participating." I told her that I had to do some trivial work   behind the scenes."
I see..." she murmured.
Sakura cast her eyes down, as if she had something on her mind.
She   looked a little odd, like she was nervous.
It was as if she couldn't settle down."
What's wrong?"   "Huh?"   "Sakura, you don't really need to testify today.
There's no need for you   to be so worked up, right?"   Sakura looked like she was sweating."
It's because everyone's doing their best.
I thought I'd do my best,   too." It felt like that she was saying that to herself, rather than to me."
What are you thinking about?" I asked."
Well, if there's something I need to move forward...
I'll do it."   Even though I'd asked what she was thinking, Sakura wouldn't give a   clear answer.
I wanted to ask why she looked uneasy, but the cell phone in   my pocket vibrated.
My alarm told me the time.
I couldn't stay any longer."
See you later, Ayanokouji-kun."   Sakura's words and bright smile seemed so unlike her.
They left me   with an unpleasant feeling."
Hey, Sakura.
Do you have any time later?
I wanted to talk to you   about something."The words felt like they were being squeezed out of me.
Sakura gently   shook her head."
I have plans today.
Maybe tomorrow?"   If she assured me that she was fine, I couldn't exactly keep   contradicting her.
I really had to be going.
I turned my back on Sakura and   headed off.
It was past 3:40. With classes over for the day, I went to the special   building.
This place had become increasingly hot and humid as the summer   wore on.
If things proceeded as planned, then the person I was expecting   should arrive soon.
Shortly thereafter, three guys showed up, all grumbling   about how unbearably hot it was.
They appeared happy, though, wearing   optimistic expressions.
That was because the three of them had received emails from the class   sweetheart, Kushida.
Had the message contained an invitation to go on a   date?
Or perhaps, even more insane, a romantic confession?
They were   probably dreaming of such things.
When they saw me, their fantasies were   crushed."
What's going on?
Why are you here?"   Apparently they remembered me from the student council room.
Ishizaki, the group's leader, stepped forward as if to intimidate me.
He was   rather forceful when no one was around to see."
Kushida won't be here.
I asked her to send an email to compel you all   to come."   Ishizaki looked incredibly ill-tempered as he closed the distance   between us."
This isn't funny.
What did you do this for, huh?"   "If I hadn't used an underhanded method, you would've just ignored   me, right?
I wanted to talk to you."   "Talk to us?
Why would we want to do that?
Has the heat scrambled   your brain or something?"   Ishizaki, who clearly was affected by the heat, grabbed his shirt and   flapped it."
No matter what you do, you can't hide the truth.
Sudou called us over   here and beat us up.
That's our answer.
Now he needs to quietly accept hispunishment."   "I have no intension of arguing.
That would be a waste of time.
I fully   understand that neither Class C nor Class D will retract what they claimed   yesterday."   "So why do this?
Are you going to abduct us so we miss the trial?
Or   are you going to have a bunch of people surround us and threaten us with   violence?
It'll be just like that time with Sudou."   Oh.
That was a rather interesting idea, but it would only work as a   stopgap measure.
Such threats wouldn't work against these people.
Quite the   contrary; they looked like they'd welcome it.
If they were the victims of   another attack, they'd probably find a way to make their situation even more   favorable."
Just give up.
See ya later."   Understanding that Kushida would not be coming, the three turned and   tried to leave, but one other person stood in their way."
I think you guys might want to consider that idea, actually."   Ichinose, who'd been waiting for all of the players in this drama to   appear, quietly stepped forward."
I-Ichinose?!
What are you doing here?!"   The Class C boys were shocked.
Given the unexpected appearance of   someone from Class B, their shock was reasonable."
What do you mean?
What if I said that I'm here because I'm involved   in this case?"   "Ichinose, you're a celebrity."   "Ha ha.
Well, I guess I'm well known among the members of Class C."   Since the Class C students hadn't expected her to be involved, it looked   like tension was rising between them.
They were clearly starting to lose their   composure."
This incident had nothing to do with Class B, right?
So butt out..."   But unlike when they'd spoken to me, their threats sounded weak.
They sounded desperate to get away.
"You're certainly right that Class B has nothing to do with this.
But   how do you feel about involving so many people in your lies?"   "We didn't lie.
We're the victims.
We are.
Sudou called us out here and   beat us up.
That's the truth."   "So evildoers remain obstinate until the very end.
It's about time for   you to pay the piper!" Ichinose declared, making a wide-sweeping gesture   with her right arm as she did so."
You lied.
We can all see through you.
You   got violent in the end.
If you don't want that fact to become public   knowledge, withdraw your claim right away."   Even though I hadn't explained every detail, I felt that things would be   fine in Ichinose's capable hands."
Huh?
Withdraw?
Don't make me laugh.
What, were you half asleep   when you came up with that argument?
You can't just claim something and   make it true.
Sudou started the fight.
Right?"   Ishizaki looked to his two accomplices, who immediately answered,   "That's right!
That's right!"   "Did you know that this school is one of the leading government-   sanctioned institutions in Japan?"   "Of course we do.
That's why we tried to enroll here."   "In that case, you should try using your heads a bit more.
Your aims   were obvious right from the start, wouldn't you say?" Ichinose grinned and   talked with greater animation, as if relishing this.
She walked slowly towards   the three as she spoke, like she was a famous detective revealing the true   culprit in an investigation."
Didn't you think that the school's response to this incident was rather   strange?"   "Huh?"   "When you raised the issue with the school, why wasn't Sudou   punished immediately?
Why give an opportunity to escape by granting a   grace period of several days?
What do you think was the reason?"   "Because he lied to the school and cried for mercy.
If they hadn't given   him the time as a formality, we, the victims, would have won.""Is that really true?
I wonder if you had a different aim, a different   purpose."   The windows in the hallway were all closed.
The sun, still high in the   sky, glared down upon us, increasing the heat and humidity."
I've got no idea what you're talking about.
Ah, damn it.
It's so hot!"   One's ability to think, that is to say, to concentrate, decreases as heat   increases.
One cannot exhibit sufficient logical, creative thinking outside of a   comfortable environment.
The more content you cram into your head, the   more your brain will overload."
Whatever, I'm out of here.
I'm going to boil alive if I stay."   "Is that really okay, though?
If you leave this place, you might regret it   for the rest of your life."   "What do you want, Ichinose?"   They didn't seem to understand what she was getting at."
Don't you understand?
The school knows that you're lying, Class C.
They've known from the beginning."   This statement probably came as a surprise to them.
None of them had   imagined such an outcome.
Ishizaki and the others looked at each other for a   few seconds, then snorted with laughter."
Don't make me laugh.
We lied?
And the school knows it?"   "Ha ha ha ha.
You guys are so funny," Ichinose said."
You've been   dancing to my tune all this time."   "That's a nice try, Ichinose.
But we're calling your bluff!"   "I have actual evidence," Ichinose continued, unfazed by Ishizaki's   threats."
Oh?
Well, let's see it.
Show me what evidence you-"   They thought there was no way we had any evidence, of course.
Even   after what Ichinose had said, they weren't shaking.
However, when she began   to speak, their defeat was decided."
Did you know that there are security cameras installed everywhere   around the school?
It's a measure they've taken in order to monitor what wedo every day."   "Yeah.
So what?"   They seemed to have already known about the security cameras.
Ishizaki and the others appeared unconcerned."
Well, then.
Did you not see that?"   Ichinose looked to a spot near the ceiling a little further down the hall.
Ishizaki and the others tracked her gaze."
Huh?"   They voiced complete disbelief.
A security camera hung in the hallway   and occasionally swung from left to right, capturing everything."
That's too bad, isn't it?
If you want to set a trap for someone, you'd   need to do it in a place without any cameras."   "Buh, wh-what camera?!
You're lying!
But, there weren't any cameras   in the other hallways, were there?!
It's weird that there's only one installed   here!
Right?!"   Ishizaki looked back at his two accomplices, seeking their opinion.
They nodded, confirming that yes, Ishizaki was right.
They wiped sweat off   their faces as they answered."
You can't trick us like that.
You guys installed that camera   yourselves!"   "You're right that, by and large, cameras aren't installed in most of this   building's hallways.
However, there are exceptions, and several places in   which security cameras have been installed, like in front of the faculty room   and the science lab.
Obviously, there are many valuables stored in the faculty   room, you know?
Additionally, the science lab has many chemical products.
Since the science lab is on this level, it's only natural that a camera would be   installed here."   For the first time, Ishizaki and the other seemed to be at a loss for   words.
Ichinose did not fail to notice how they faltered."
Have you looked back there, behind you?
There's one there too,   right?"   Ishizaki and the others looked down the hall as instructed, and saw acamera.
Of course, that camera was monitoring the hall's opposite end."
So if we'd installed a camera, like you said, would we have prepared   one on that side, too?
Besides, how exactly would we have prepared   surveillance cameras when we can't even leave campus in the first place?"   We were cutting off their escape routes one by one."
Th-that's impossible...
That...
I mean, we...
checked back then...
We   should have..."   "This is the third floor, but did you really check?
Maybe you only   looked at the second or the fourth?
Perhaps the cameras were truly set up   here as a trap?"   The three were holding their heads and sweating far more than normal."
Also, you realize that you just destroyed yourselves, right?
Normal   people wouldn't think to check whether there were security cameras, right?
That's basically admitting your guilt." Ichinose delivered the finishing blow."
So, so...
That time...
No way..."   "The security cameras couldn't record the sounds of your voices, but   they definitely captured the decisive moment you threw the first punch."   The cuffs of their uniforms were completely drenched with sweat.
Ichinose passed the baton to me.
My my, they probably would've been better   off just talking to me, huh?"
The school's waiting, right?
Go ahead and tell us the truth.
After   giving you a grace period, the student council president himself asked if you   had lied.
If you think back, don't you realize that the student council saw   through everything?"   The three of them were probably frantically wracking their brains to   recall what happened at the meeting.
Of course, the student council had not   seen through their lies at all.
However, the student council had their doubts   about who was telling the truth.
If the Class C students interpreted that   question to be focused squarely at them, it lent itself a certain credence."
That's...
I didn't hear about anything like that!
It's all over!"   Komiya buckled.
Leaning against the wall, he slid down to his knees.
Kondou held his head in his hands.
They all seemed to recognize what washappening.
Or so I thought, but Ishizaki wasn't buying it."
W-wait a minute.
I'm still not convinced.
Okay, let's say the security   cameras did capture some footage.
You should've been able to prove Sudou's   innocence without having to really do anything, right?
You didn't need to call   us out here to tell us this.
You could have just presented it at the trial.
But you   guys called us here, right?"   "Innocence?
That depends on what you're innocent of.
We know that   both parties took damage during the incident.
No matter the circumstances,   Sudou hit the three of you.
That's undeniable.
Of course, if the security   footage can prove that Sudou wasn't the one who called you three over here,   he'd probably receive the lightest possible punishment.
However, his position   as a regular would still be threatened.
He might not be allowed to participate   in tournaments."   Sweat poured down Ishizaki's forehead like a waterfall.
We were hot   as well, but comparatively much better off than these three.
Their   temperatures kept rising as we cornered them."
What the hell?
Well then, if it's like you people say, the security   footage shouldn't be any trouble at all, right?
We'll be fine as long as we can   get Sudou suspended for even one day."   "If that happens, you might be expelled.
Are you fine with that?"   Clearly they hadn't thought that part through, and didn't notice the   dilemma they faced."
If someone checked the security camera footage, it would expose your   lies.
If that were to happen, chances are good you'd be expelled.
Anyone   could see that."   "Wha-!"   "W-wait, why expelled?
You didn't say that we lied!" Kondou was   trying to save himself, his voice weak and strained."
The school is testing us.
They're testing to see if we can solve   problems, and what kind of conclusions we draw.
Don't you think that's   consistent with everything else in this case?"   "Why would...
I-I definitely don't want to get expelled!"   "H-hey, Ishizaki.
It's not too late to tell them we lied!
If we do, theschool might forgive us!"   "Damn it.
This is ridiculous.
Admit that we lied?
Well, fine.
As long as   Sudou's punished, I'll prepare myself for the worst punishment possible, an   honorable sacrifice!
It'll all be over for Sudou!"   In other words, Ishizaki wouldn't withdraw.
Instead, he'd press   forward."
It's rather early to draw a conclusion.
We'll give you one last chance.
There's only one way to save both Class C and Class D."   "Like hell we'd do that!"   If the incident existed, it would be impossible to save everyone.
In that   case, it would be better if the incident didn't exist at all."
There's only one way to resolve this issue.
Tell the school that you   wish to withdraw your complaint.
If you do that, the school will not bring   forward the security camera footage.
If there's no complaint, no one can be   punished.
Additionally, if the security footage is never brought up, Class D   benefits, too.
As we already know, if the security footage were brought   produced, Sudou would still face some degree of punishment.
In other words,   Class C and Class D can come to a compromise together.
The school can't   investigate if they can't watch the video and see that you lied, right?"   "Ahh, ahh...
Just...
let me call..."   A shattered-looking Ishizaki took out his cell phone.
However,   Ichinose sternly told him no.
She wouldn't give him time to think.
We had to   finish this now."
Well, you're not being very cooperative.
Therefore, we have no   choice but to prepare.
We'll have the school confirm the security footage   right away, and you'll be expelled."   I nodded in agreement.
Kondou and Komiya grabbed Ishizaki's arms."
Come on.
Let's just accept Ichinose's idea, Ishizaki!"   "W-wait.
If I don't check with that person, it'll be bad," he murmured."
We've already lost!
I don't wanna get expelled!
Please, Ishizaki!"   "Damn!
Fine...
We'll withdraw.
It'll be fine if we withdraw!"   Ishizaki fell to his knees.
"Well, let's head to the student council room right away.
We'll go   together."   We went to the student council room, the three C students sandwiched   between us.
If we took our eyes off them for even one second, they might   contact someone for advice.
When we finally reached the student council   room, we pushed the three inside.
Horikita had put everything together really   well.
7.
3   "Whew!
I feel so much better!
Thanks so much!
Thanks for giving   me such a huge role!
I was so happy!" Ichinose cried."
Well, it was more like you just did as you pleased, Ichinose."   "Ha ha ha, yeah.
I guess so.
But the case is closed, eh?"   Yeah, it really was."
I was wondering what you were up to when you asked me to lend you   some points yesterday."   We returned to the hot and humid special building and set up a   stepladder."
I couldn't believe you wanted to install security cameras."   Yes, that's right.
The school hadn't actually installed those security   cameras.
Ichinose and Kanzaki bought them, and together with the Professor,   installed them during our lunch break.
Ishizaki and the other two students   were terrified of leaked footage from the cameras, but those cameras were   fakes.
I was surprised at first that the school sold such equipment.
Then again,   while you wouldn't think of using them for crime prevention, they could be   useful in measurement and recording.
In other words, study tools.
Perhaps   calling them network rather than security cameras would make it easier to   comprehend.
The heat had compromised the Class C students' ability to think.
They'd been in crisis mode, without a chance to relax.
In addition, they'd felt   psychologically threatened during that standoff.
There was no way that they   would have figured out we were bluffing.
Even if they'd doubted it, they had   no time to investigate."
When the day comes, you guys will probably become formidable   rivals for Class C, Ayanokouji-kun."   "If such a day ever comes, I guess."   However, Ichinose might well be in Class A by then.
"If Horikita-san were in Class B, we might have gotten to Class A right   away."   "Probably."   I removed the camera and handed it down to Ichinose, who steadied the   stepladder."
I'll definitely return the points I borrowed.
Just tell me when you want   them."   "Sure.
As long as you pay me back by graduation, it's fine.
So what are   you going to do now?
Wait in front of the student council room?"   "Probably..."   I suddenly remembered seeing Sakura.
She'd said that she had plans   today, but what in the world was she doing?
Earlier, when she'd been waiting   for me after class, what had she wanted to tell me?
She seemed like she'd   resolved to do something, judging by her expression.
Right?
She'd said she   had courage.
But what for?
The feeling plagued me, as if the back of my head were going numb   while my thoughts swirled."
Oh, yeah, that reminds me.
There was one thing I wanted to tell you,   Ayanokouji-kun."   Before Ichinose could say anything, though, I was already running   away.
Whatever she wanted to tell me, it was going to have to wait."
Huh?!
W-wait a minute!"   Even though she couldn't understand what was happening, for some   reason Ichinose followed me.
7.
4   My phone's tracking data displayed the entrance of the electronics   store.
Not to be put off, Ichinose came running after me and stuck close.
As   we approached our destination, I was incredibly winded.
I had to stop and   catch my breath.
Just as a precaution, I signaled Ichinose to be quiet."
Please don't contact me anymore!"   "Why would you say something like that?
You're my treasure...
Ever   since I first saw you in a magazine, I've loved you.
Meeting you again here, I   felt like it was destiny.
I love you...
I can't stop feeling this way about you!"   "Stop...
Please, stop it!" Sakura shouted.
She took something out of   her bag.
Letters.
It looked like dozens...
no, hundreds of letters.
I wondered   how many this man had sent."
How do you know my room number?
Why do you keep sending   these?"   "Why?
Of course I would know your room number and send you   letters.
It's because our hearts are connected."   Sakura had probably been suffering ever since she started school here.
Her fan knew her identity, and she had to deal with his attention every day.
However, Sakura had had enough and, thanks to her newfound courage, was   going to break away.
She'd decided to free herself from him here and now.
Her resolve made sense now."
Please stop it.
It's bothering me!"   She tossed the bundle of letters to the floors, rejecting the man's   unrequited love."
Why...
Why would you do something like that?
Even after I wrote out   my feelings to you!"   "D-don't come any closer!"   The man closed the distance between him and Sakura.
He walked with   an intensity that made it look as though he were about to attack.
Latching   onto Sakura's arm, he shoved her up against the store's shuttered door.
"I'll show you just how much I love you now...
If I do that, then you'll   understand, Sakura."   "No, let me go!"   Ichinose tugged on my sleeve.
Apparently, we couldn't leave things   alone any longer.
I'd wanted to wait until we could catch him in the act with   something definitive, but it looks like I had no choice.
Taking Ichinose's arm,   we strutted out like a delinquent couple.
While walking by, we took pictures   with our phones, our cameras clicking repeatedly."
Ah, looks like we caught them!
That old guy's doing something   naughty!"   "Huh?!"   Sakura was completely dumbfounded after hearing me speak in the   unfamiliar tone of a delinquent.
It was incredibly embarrassing, but I dealt   with it."
Ooh, 'Adult harasses high school girl.' I can just see the headlines   tomorrow; it'll be a huge scandal!"   "N-no!
That's wrong.
You're wrong!"   "Hmm, it certainly doesn't sound wrong.
Does it?
It kind of looks that   way, don't you think?"   Ichinose tried to match my performance, but her tone was cruel.
The   man, now flustered, hurriedly pulled away from Sakura.
But we were   prepared with our cameras."
Wrong?
I don't think so.
Whoa, look at all those letters!
Gross.
Are   you a stalker?"   She pinched her nose as she picked up the letters, as if grabbing   someone else's socks.
She picked them up by their corners, using only her   index finger and thumb."
You're wrong.
It's just...
yeah, that.
She said she wanted someone to   teach her how to use a digital camera, so I said I'd teach her one-on-one.
That's all."   "Hmmm."   I drew closer to the man, pressing him up against the shutter.
"Me and my girlfriend saw everything.
So we took pictures.
If you   show your face to that girl again, or send her any more disgusting letters,   we'll expose you.
Got it?"   "Ha ha ha ha!
What are you talking about?
I really don't...
know what   you're talking about."   "You don't know what I'm talking about?
You're not weaseling out of   this, old man.
If you so much as raise a hand at or even just ogle this idol,   that'll be the end for you.
I'll beat the shit out of you.
Got it?"   "Eek!"   After he completely lost his will to fight, I deliberately gave him some   time to escape."
G-goodbye!
I won't do that ever again!"   The store clerk raced back inside the store to get away from us.
With   the source of her terror gone, Sakura suddenly looked exhausted.
She looked   like she was going to topple over and collapse, so I hurriedly grabbed her   arms and held her up."
You did really well."   I'd preached at her a lot, but that was probably unnecessary now.
She'd   been trying to vanquish the suffering she'd faced on her own.
I had to   consider her feelings."
Ayanokouji...
kun.
Why are you here?"   "I'm really glad that I exchanged contact information with you." I took   out my phone, which showed Sakura's location."
I guess I'm no good after all...
I couldn't do anything by myself in the   end."   "That's not true.
It was really cool when you threw those letters to the   ground." I pointed to the mess of multicolored paper scattered everywhere."
Hey, hey.
Who's this mystery person you mentioned?
Some idol?"   Ichinose tossed one of the disgusting letters to the ground, tilting her head in   confusion."
That's..."   Although I didn't want to hide anything from Ichinose, I hesitated tospeak without Sakura's permission.
However, Sakura met my eyes and gave   me a slight nod."
Sakura over here was an idol when she was in junior high.
Her name   was Shizuku."   "Huh?!
Idol?!
That's amazing!
She's an entertainer!
Ooh, shake my   hand, shake my hand!" Ichinose was filled with childlike excitement."
But I never appeared on TV or anything..."   "Even so, that's so amazing!
I've never thought about becoming an   idol or anything."   I didn't know about that.
I thought that Ichinose had the face and figure   for it...
No, rather, I thought she had the necessary qualities."
When did you realize, Ayanokouji-kun?" Sakura asked."
A little while ago.
Sorry.
Several other people in class realized, too."   Since she was going to find out eventually, I decided to just tell her."
I think I'm actually glad about this, though...
It's been hard to lie."   If this situation had given Sakura the ability to finally remove her   mask, then it was a good thing."
At any rate, you were way too brave.
I was going to have to step in if   something happened."   "Ha ha...
Yeah, you're probably right.
I was so scared."   The girl who had openly cried in front of me yesterday was now   laughing in a rather peculiar way.
She laughed while seemingly on the verge   of tears."
Ayanokouji-kun...
Don't look at me with such strange eyes."   "Strange eyes?"   "Never mind, it's nothing." Sakura didn't clarify, but she wore a   slightly happy smile on her face."
Do you think everyone would notice if I   came to class without my glasses, and changed my hairstyle?"   "I think there's a possibility that people at school might panic when   they notice...
but I think it'll be fine."   I suddenly pictured a beautiful girl, with tons of spectators rushingforward to catch a glimpse of her.
She had a gentle disposition, and qualities   that would make boys naturally crowd around her."
Whoa...
You're so amazingly cute!
You make a completely different   impression without your glasses!"   It seemed as though Ichinose had looked up Shizuku on her phone.
She   seemed excited by what she found.
Even though the incident with Sudou   might have endangered our class and highlighted our lack of unity, at least it   had given Sakura a chance to grow.
Maybe it was all worth it, in the end.
Wait.
I really wasn't the type of person to think like that.
Or, perhaps, I   should say that I didn't know what kind of person I was in the first place.
Was this the real me?
I felt a bit confused."
Sorry.
For being quiet for so long."   "It's nothing you have to apologize for.
We don't have to talk about it.
However, I think that now we have the type of relationship where we can talk   about things.
If you're suffering or if you feel lost, you can talk to me.
You   should consult Horikita and Kushida, too."   Behind me, Ichinose purposefully flopped over in an exaggerated   manner."
So, you're telling her 'You can talk to me.' I wonder what you   mean?"   I had no answer for that."
Okay.
I understand," Sakura murmured."
Ah, I'll help out too." Though Ichinose didn't know her too well, she   still smiled at Sakura."
I'm Ichinose, from Class B.
It's nice to meet you, Sakura-san."   Sakura looked a little hesitant, but shook Ichinose's outstretched hand."
By the way, didn't you want to tell me something in the special   building a little while ago?" I asked, thinking back to my conversation with   Ichinose."
Ah yeah, that's right.
There was something important I wanted to talk   to you about."   Ichinose took a moment to catch her breath, and then adopted a seriouslook."
I probably shouldn't be saying this right now, but...
there was   someone pulling the strings behind this whole Sudou incident."   "Pulling the strings?"   Because Ichinose looked so deadly serious, I didn't think this was just   a hunch of hers."
To tell the truth, there was a dispute between Class B and Class C   students before.
That time, though, the school didn't get involved.
Someone   named Ryuuen-kun masterminded that one."   "Ryuuen?
I don't recognize the name."   "That's because he hasn't seen any reason to reveal himself just yet.
There's no reason that you'd know him."   Ichinose, who always looked so bright, now appeared somber and   grim."
I'm the most vigilant of all the first-years here.
I think he set up   Sudou-kun to look like a liar, and instigated the dispute with Class B.
This   was all his handiwork.
He doesn't hesitate to hurt other people for the sake of   his own interests.
He's a formidable opponent."   "When Class B had trouble, did you manage a peaceful resolution?"   "Somehow, yeah.
However, if you looked at it like a game, I can't say   whether I won or lost...
Anyway, I think because what he devised was easier   to see through this time, I've started to understand how this school is   structured.
You should be careful."   I didn't know who this Ryuuen was, but he was undoubtedly a very   dangerous opponent.
Someone who developed merciless strategies that could   lead to our expulsion if we missed a single step."
So if anything ever happens, you can come to me for help.
Talk to me   whenever you need it."   "Yeah.
I'll keep that in mind."7.
5   Sudou-kun and I arrived at the student council room 10 minutes   before deliberation began.
Tachibana-san was the only other person there.
I   saw no sign of other students, or my older brother."
Oh jeez, I'm so nervous.
How about you, Horikita?" Sudou asked."
I feel the same as ever."   This case would be settled today.
I knew that it was not going to be   easy, especially for me.
I'd declared that Sudou was completely innocent,   after all.
If my strategy failed, it would be for nothing.
I thought that there   was some value in sticking it out, so I'd come up with this plan during this   extension period.
If this strategy failed, though, it would likely devolve into a verbal   battle where we hurled abuse at each other.
In the end, the result would   certainly be worse than the compromise that had been proposed at the   previous hearing.
Sudou-kun would hate me then.
Well, he'd be barking up   the wrong tree.
Still, I would have to acknowledge his complaints, because   the appeal to the council was my responsibility.
Alternatively, I supposed that if Sudou-kun himself wished it, there   was the possibility of meeting them halfway.
They'd probably want to   shorten his suspension as much as possible.
If we made that the focal point of   our discussion, we might be able to arrange for Sudou-kun's sentence to be   lightened as well.
Reconciliation was another name for defeat.
Still, if the person in   question wished for it, we would have no choice.
A short time later, the student council room doors opened.
My heart   started pounding at double the speed.
My older brother...
My words stuck in   my chest and would not come out.
Even though I should have understood it, I felt attacked.
I was wracked   with various symptoms such as trembling, nervousness, and dizziness.
But I   couldn't repeat yesterday's mistakes.
I turned my eyes from my brother.
There were other opponents Ishould have been facing."
Oh, my.
I see that the boy from yesterday isn't here."   Next came the Class C teacher, Sakagami-sensei.
Chabashira-sensei   was with him."
What happened to Ayanokouji, Horikita?" she asked."
He's not participating."   "Not participating?"   Chabashira-sensei turned to the vacant seat with a puzzled look.
She   seemed concerned by his absence, as if the proceedings would be   meaningless without him.
No, not exactly meaningless, but...
It was vague,   but I had the gut feeling that what Chabashira-sensei was seeing was the   evidence of Ayanokouji-kun's involvement."
Well, even if he's not here, the results will be the same." I didn't want   to admit it, but I did it almost as if to shake off the shadow."
Well, whatever.
It's up to you guys to decide."   Both teachers took their seats.
We would begin deliberation as soon as   the Class C students arrived.
When that time came, how would the battle go?
Well, that was simple.
We would object to what the other side had to say.
We   would reiterate that the other side was lying, and then pierce through those   lies before claiming that we were the ones telling the truth.
That was it.
It would be the same for both sides.
Through lies, we would arrive at   the truth.
This was a battle between truth and lies.
We could bandy about   ideas, but there could only be one solution.
Finally, the students from Class C arrived.
They were all sweating, as if   they'd been hurrying."
You made it just in the nick of time," said Sakagami-sensei to his   students with a slight sigh of relief."
Well then, we would like to resume   deliberations on this case, from where we left off yesterday.
Please take your   seat."   Tachibana-san urged the students from Class C to sit down.
However,   they didn't budge.
Instead, they remained standing in front of Sakagami-   sensei."
Can you please sit down?" Tachibana-san repeated her request, butthe three did not move."
Umm...
Sakagami-sensei."   "What is it?"   It wasn't just me.
Everyone else noticed that this situation was strange."
Would it be possible not to hold this trial?"   "What are you...?
What in the world do you mean?" Sakagami-sensei   stood up in response to this unexpected request."
Did you want to come to an agreement?
Or did you already do   something to the effect?" My older brother gazed sharply at the Class C   students.
However, the three boys shook their heads in unison, signaling that   no, they didn't want to compromise."
We realized that we weren't really saying anything worthwhile about   which side was at fault.
Our complaint was a mistake.
Therefore, we'd like to   withdraw it."   "You're withdrawing your complaint?" Chabashira-sensei chuckled as   she spoke.
She wore a thin smile, as if she found something amusing."
What's so funny, Chabashira-sensei?" Sakagami-sensei did not seem   to like her attitude, glaring at Chabashira-sensei in irritation."
Oh, excuse me.
I was just surprised because I hadn't foreseen this.
I   figured we would argue all day until one side collapsed, or until we could   propose an acceptable compromise.
However, unbelievably, they've said that   they want to withdraw the complaint."   "Teachers, members of this student council, we are sorry to have taken   your time.
However, after careful consideration this is the conclusion we've   all come to."   The three's ardent appeal signaled that their will was strong.
It seemed   that Ayanokouji-kun and Ichinose-san had handled things quite well.
I tried   to act calm and collected, without letting my relief show."
Surely you can't accept this.
You did nothing wrong.
Sudou-kun   caused all of this through one-sided intimidation and violence.
Do you plan to   just quietly sit there and take this?"   As if realizing something, Sakagami-sensei turned anger-filled eyestowards Sudou-kun and me."
What did you do?
Threaten my students with violence so they'd   withdraw their appeal?"   "Huh?
Don't screw around.
I didn't do anything," Sudou said."
There's no way that my students would withdraw their complaint   unless you had.
Tell us the truth.
If you do that, then we can do something   about it."   "Sakagami-sensei...
we're going to withdraw the complaint no matter   what you say.
Our decision won't change."   Sakagami-sensei, as if unable to comprehend what his students were   saying, hung his head low and sat back down."
If you say that you'd like to withdraw your complaint, we will accept   it.
It is certainly rare to cancel deliberations during a case, but we can do it."   My older brother, the student council president, tried to remain calm and   composed."
Wait.
I don't get it.
Why are you guys just withdrawing your   complaint like that?"   I grabbed Sudou-kun's arm to prevent him from uttering another word."
Horikita?"   "Shut up."   I had no time to explain, unfortunately, so I pulled strongly on Sudou-   kun's arm and sat him down."
If you wish to withdraw your complaint, we have no intention of   fighting it.
We accept."   Although I could understand Sudou-kun's dissatisfaction at being   brought to trial based on a lie, if the complaint was withdrawn there would be   no winners or losers.
This was what we'd been working toward."
However, according to regulations, we will require a certain payment   of points in order to cover of miscellaneous expenses incurred over the   course of deliberations.
Are there objections to this?"   This was the first time we'd heard of such a thing.
The students from   Class C looked upset, but came to a conclusion right away.
"We understand...
We will pay."   "Very well, the proceedings have come to an end.
We will now call   this discussion closed."   While we waited for the curtains to fall on this rather abrupt end, I   wondered who could have predicted such an outcome.
Meanwhile, I saw   Chabashira-sensei direct a rather bold smile at me."
Sudou-kun," I said."
You will no longer face suspension.
The school   will not consider you a problem child.
You will be able to participate in club   activities from today onward.
Right?"   I looked to Chabashira-sensei for confirmation."
Of course.
The same goes for the students in Class C, naturally.
Youthful zeal is a good quality.
However, the next time you think about   causing problems, you should remember this incident as an example.
Do not   forget.
Okay?"   She emphasized this point strongly to both sides.
Sudou-kun looked   rather dissatisfied, but nodded.
I supposed that his joy at being able to play   basketball outweighed his dissatisfaction.
Kushida-san and Hirata-kun's   actions would be rewarded as well.
Sakagami-sensei slowly left with his students.
The moment the door   closed, it sounded like he started hounding his students for answers.
But that   didn't matter.
We wouldn't have to deal with any more idiotic appeals after   this, most likely."
I'm glad, Sudou," Chabashira-sensei said, sounding grateful."
He he.
Well, of course!"   "Personally, I think you should have been punished," she added, rather   harshly.
Her words condemned Sudou-kun, who was still joyful over his   victory."
The reason this incident occurred at all is because of your behavior.
Who told the truth and who lied is trivial.
It's important that you don't let this   kind of thing happen again.
You do understand that, yes?"   "Yeah..."   "However, admitting your own faults isn't 'cool.' So even if youacknowledge that your personality was partly to blame, you act tough.
You   get stronger.
That's fine.
However, if you act like that, you won't be able to   make real friends.
Eventually, Horikita will abandon you.
She'll leave."   "That's..." I wouldn't exactly call us friends."
There's strength in admitting your mistakes, Sudou."   Chabashira-sensei had tried to reach out to one of her students for the   first time, as a homeroom teacher.
I think that Sudou-kun understood what   she was saying, even if unconsciously.
He hung his head low and sank in his   chair."
I understand...
If I hadn't acted that way in the first place, then I   wouldn't have hit those guys.
It wouldn't have been such a big deal.
I knew   that, somewhere."   When this first came up, he'd asserted that Class C had lied, and had   continued to say only that."
I always fought all I wanted for my own satisfaction.
But it's not like   that anymore...
I'm a Class D student, and my personal actions affect the   entire class.
Now I've experienced that firsthand..."   Sudou-kun might actually be dealing with a great deal of anxiety and   stress in ways I couldn't see."
I won't cause problems again, sensei.
Horikita."   Those were the first penitent words I'd heard out of Sudou-kun's   mouth.
I wondered if Chabashira-sensei was surprised.
If so, she shouldn't   be.
Sudou-kun might have understood this much, but he was still Sudou-kun.
A person couldn't change in just one day."
You shouldn't make promises so casually.
You'll cause trouble soon   again."   "Tch!"   Our teacher, who was rather perceptive about Sudou-kun's   shortcomings, rejected his promise."
What do you think, Horikita?
Do you think that Sudou will become a   model student?"   "No, I don't." I agreed with the teacher without hesitation.
However,that wasn't all I had to say."
However...
Sudou-kun certainly made some   progress today.
He admitted he was at fault.
So I'm sure that he'll grow more   tomorrow."   "Y-yeah..." he said."
I'm glad to hear that, Sudou.
It looks like Horikita hasn't abandoned   you yet."   "No, I've already abandoned him.
I just won't allow him to run loose   anymore."   "Wh-what does that mean?!" Sudou-kun scratched his head and smiled,   as if he just shaken off something heavy."
Well, I'm gonna get going.
I have   club activities.
See you later, Horikita."   With those words, Sudou-kun hurriedly stepped out of the room and   into the hallway.
He was not remorseful.
He was definitely going to cause   trouble for us again soon.
He was a nuisance."
May I leave now, Chabashira-sensei?"   "Wait just a moment.
There's something I want to talk to you about,   Horikita.
You two leave first, though."   Chabashira-sensei urged my older brother and Tachibana-san to leave.
Once they were gone, she looked deeply interested, crossing her arms   before her on the table."
So.
What methods did you use, Horikita?"   "What do you mean?"   "Don't try to dodge the question.
They wouldn't withdraw their   complaint without a reason, would they?"   "I'll leave that to your imagination."   We'd fabricated a lie because we were backed into a corner."
So it's a secret, hmm?
Well, allow me to change the question.
Who   came up with the strategy that defeated Class C?"
Why do you care about that?"   "Ayanokouji isn't here, so I'm a little curious."Chabashira-sensei had been rather preoccupied with Ayanokouji-kun   ever since we started school.
I could somewhat understand why, now."
I don't want to admit this, but Ayanokouji-kun...
might have   something exceptional to him."   I surprised myself by saying this, which could be taken as an admission   of defeat.
However, our victory would not have been as decisive without him."
I see.
So you recognize that, hmm?"   "Is that surprising?
You were the one who first put me together with   Ayanokouji-kun, Chabashira-sensei.
You did it because you couldn't   overlook Ayanokouji-kun's potential, right?"   "His potential, hmm?"   "Though he does try to hide his ability by pretending to be an idiot, for   some mysterious reason."   Yes, he was truly incomprehensible.
I could not find meaning in such   behavior.
It was likely that he was simply being absurd."
There are various things to consider.
But if you want to reach Class A,   I'll give you one bit of advice."   "Advice?"   "The students in Class D all have some kind of defect, more or less.
To   borrow an expression used by others in this school, Class D is an assemblage   of people that could be called 'defective products.' You already understand   this quite well though, don't you?"   "I don't intend to admit that I have a defect.
But I do understand."   "Well, what do you think is Ayanokouji's defect?"   Ayanokouji-kun's defect...
One thing immediately came to mind."
We've already established it.
He already knows what his own defect   is."   "Oh?
And what is it?"   "He 'dislikes trouble,'" I answered, with confidence.
However, I felt a   strange sense of discomfort that I couldn't explain."
He dislikes trouble, hmm?
Is that what you perceive when you look atAyanokouji?"   "No...
It's because he said it himself."   Chabashira-sensei snorted and chuckled.
She spoke again, her tone   firm."
Well, Horikita.
Let's try to learn as much as we possibly can about the   boy called Ayanokouji, without delay, shall we?
Otherwise, it'll be too late.
You already seem to have fallen into Ayanokouji's trap."   "What do you mean?" Fallen into his trap?
That was nonsense."
Why do you think Ayanokouji purposefully got scores of 50 points   across on the board on his entrance examination?
Why do you think   Ayanokouji is helping you?
Why do you think that Ayanokouji doesn't put   himself forward as a superior student, despite having superior ability?
Is   Ayanokouji Kiyotaka really someone who 'dislikes trouble'?"   "That's..."   If he truly wanted to prioritize peace and tranquility, then why score 50   points in all subjects and allow himself to draw this much attention?
Had he   deliberately poked his nose into this incident as well?
I wondered if he ought   to have been carefully monitored, like many other students.
As Chabashira-   sensei said, his behavior didn't fit the pattern of someone who "disliked   trouble." That unconscious realization must have been the cause of my earlier   discomfort."
In my personal opinion, Ayanokouji is the most defective student in   Class D."   "He's the most defective?"   "Higher functioning products are more difficult to handle.
If you   misunderstand how to handle him, the class might be completely destroyed in   short order."   "Chabashira-sensei, do you really understand what about him can be   considered defective?"   "Get to know the person called Ayanokouji.
What is he thinking?
What   focal point does he base his actions around?
What is his fatal flaw?
There's   definitely an answer there."Why was Chabashira-sensei telling me such things?
As our homeroom   teacher, she usually appeared unaware of and unconcerned with her class.
But, if someone so disinterested thought this way, then...
Chabashira-sensei said nothing more.
7.
6   I waited outside the student council room until the meeting had   concluded.
The students from Class C and Sakagami-sensei left first, with   Sudou following a little while later.
He wore a bright, cheerful expression."
Looks like it went well," I said."
Man, I don't understand what happened, but Horikita did something   for me.
Right?"   I nodded."
I knew it.
I knew she'd come through for my sake.
Heh heh heh." He   looked incredibly happy."
Well, I gotta head to my club.
We should have a   party tonight."   "Yeah."   The next people to exit were the student council president and   Secretary Tachibana."
Excellent work." I thought we'd just exchange a light greeting, but the   president stopped in his tracks to address me."
I have approved Class C's   request to withdraw their complaint."   "Is that so?" I said."
Well, I guess miracles do happen."   Horikita's brother remained still and looked me in the eyes.
I couldn't   tell what he was thinking."
So this was all to prove that Sakura wasn't a liar, as you said?
I   suppose if Class C withdrew their complaint, then talk would spread quite   naturally.
If Sudou or Sakura weren't the liars, then Class C was."   "Your little sister handled things well.
I didn't do anything."   "If that's your answer, then I'm impressed.
Even though it's a simple   story." The unflappable Secretary Tachibana clapped her hands."
Tachibana.
Do you still have one seat open for secretary?"   "Yes.
A first-year Class A student applied the other day, but was   rejected after the first interview.""Ayanokouji.
If you wanted it, I would appoint you to the position."   I was surprised, but Secretary Tachibana appeared even more shocked   than me."
S-student council president...
Do you really mean that?"   "Do you disapprove?"   "N-no.
If you say so, I have no objections.
But..."   "Nah, I hate troublesome stuff.
Besides, being in the student council is   no joke.
I want to lead an ordinary student life at this school," I replied.
Secretary Tachibana was even more shocked by my response."
Huh?
Are you refusing an invitation from the student council   president?!"   "Well, I'd just never do anything that I'm not interested in..."   I didn't do what I didn't want to do.
Besides, there was no reason to   invite me onto the student council in the first place."
Let's go, Tachibana."   "Y-yes."   Their interest in me had apparently run out with my refusal, so they   left.
A short time later, Horikita and Chabashira-sensei appeared.
Chabashira-   sensei just gave me a slight glance, leaving without saying anything in   particular."
Yo." I raised my hand as I greeted Horikita, but was met with an   intense glare the likes of which I'd never seen from her before.
She quickly   returned to her neutral expression, though."
What were the results?" I asked."
You'd already know, right?" she replied."
I'm glad to hear that.
Looks like your strategy worked well."   "Hey, Ayanokouji-kun.
Am I just your puppet?"
My puppet?
What are you talking about?"   "Ayanokouji-kun, you brought up the idea of surveillance cameras in   the classrooms.
Next, you took me to the special building and made me   realize that there were no cameras.
Then, you guided me to the idea ofinventing false evidence, so that we could parse the truth from lies...
When I   look back on it now, that's all I can think of."   "You're overthinking it.
It's just coincidence."   "Who are you?"   "What do you mean, who am I?
I'm just a guy who dislikes trouble,   right?"   I realized that I had gotten involved a little too much this time.
I'd need   to reflect on that.
The always-sharp Horikita probably guessed my thoughts,   to some extent.
I had to dial it back a little.
I just wanted my life here to be peaceful."
Someone who dislikes trouble.
If that's-"   As Horikita started to speak, a male student walked towards us.
This   was not a conversation that we wanted overheard, so both Horikita and I fell   silent.
We waited for him to pass, but the guy stopped in front of us.
It wasn't on accident.
He had black hair, styled so it was worn long.
He   appeared to be around the same height as me, maybe a little taller.
I glanced   at his profile and noted that he wore a wide grin.
His smile looked ominous."
Setting up a camera?
You really did something funny, huh?" The boy   didn't even turn to face us entirely as he spoke."
And you are?" Horikita asked the mystery student, seemingly   perturbed."
Next time, I'll be your opponent.
I look forward to it."   The boy walked on without answering Horikita's question.
We never   got a clear look at him.
We were only able to watch in silence as he walked   away."
Well.
I'll be heading back now." I had the feeling it would be better   for us not to be seen together, and turned my back on Horikita."
Wait.
We're not done talking, Ayanokouji-kun."   "I'm done talking." I kept going without looking back."
You promised, right?
You promised you'd help me reach Class A."   "You sort of forced me to.
You helped Sudou in this case, too.
Right?""That's not what I meant.
I want to know what you're thinking."   "I'm thinking 'This is annoying,' and 'I don't have any motivation to   do this.' Stuff like that.
That's what I'm thinking.
Even if you took back what   you said just now, Horikita, I do intend to live my life quietly.
Whether we   aim for Class A or whatever, that's it."   I'd hoped that answer would satisfy her, but Horikita didn't listen."
If you really hated drawing attention, you wouldn't make all this   effort to get involved.
You say you're someone who 'dislikes trouble,' after   all.
Yet you act all evasive and non-committal even while you help me.
Why?"   I assumed that this change in Horikita's behavior was Chabashira-   sensei's doing.
She was probably pulling the strings here.
I wouldn't be   surprised if she knew about my past."
I thought that I should help the first friends I've ever made.
Probably."   If I kept talking, I might say something unnecessary.
I walked faster.
By now, I had reached one absolute conclusion.
If Horikita were truly   aiming for Class A, it would be impossible under our present circumstances.
We'd received a declaration of war from some guy apparently known   as Ryuuen.
This could be just the start of a cunning, audacious, and brutal   attack.
He would probably stand in our way as a vigilant enemy in the future.
Then there were Ichinose and Kanzaki from Class B.
They were two   capable people who took only small, indirect steps.
Ichinose probably had   more plans lined up in her ambition to reach the top than I could imagine.
It   was impossible to fully understand how we'd landed in this situation, or her   methods and process.
I didn't understand what she wanted, but her goals would most likely   prove a huge obstacle for us.
In other words, it was fair to say that trying to   reach Class A in three years was hopeless.
Even if we tried to tackle this   situation head-on, then..."
Ugh!"   I unintentionally let out a small noise.
I really was an idiot.
What was I getting worked up for?
I had arbitrarily started analyzing   Class D and considering the options.
I didn't want to.
I mean, she was the one   who chose this school, right?
Horikita and Ichinose were aiming for the top,   not me.
All I wanted was an ordinary, regular life where nothing ever   happened.
Otherwise?
I couldn't do this.
I knew more about me than anyone else.
I knew just how defective, just   how foolish I was.
I was a horrible human being.
Please view the Illustration.
Postscript   It's been four months since we last met.
This is Syougo Kinugasa.
The summer heat still lingers during this time of year, but are you all   doing well?
Lately I've been suffering every day from some dull pain on my   right side, back pain, and dizziness that comes from the headaches I've been   getting.
I'm going to go in for a thorough medical examination as soon as   possible.
Doing physical examinations is impossible, though.
I'm an old man.
Anyway, this book focuses on a disturbance centered on Sudou,   following the midterms.
It's rather difficult for troublemakers to simply   change their ways, right?
Moreover, since Class D is filled with all kinds of   problem children, the day where they can work together is still a long ways   off...
Anyway, the story will progress greatly from this point on.
You could   say that the first act was a fierce battle waged over class points, right?
I think   that the classmates also revealed things about themselves that weren't visible   before.
Anyway, please wait a little while longer.
I will do my best.
Shunsaku-sama drew such gorgeous illustrations for this book.
I nearly   suffocated when I saw the cover art with Kushida.
It just had the best   expression.
It was really good, a wonderful accomplishment.
However, Shunsaku-sama, can you please stop clicking your tongue at   me whenever new male characters show up in the story?
No matter how   much you dislike it, men are going to appear, you know?
Anyway, we went   out for yakiniku just like I said (see Novel 1).
Did you like the taste of the   meat?
I'd originally planned to take you to an all-you-can-eat place that cost   1280 Yen, but after some pestering, I ended up paying about 3980 Yen for   one order of some high-class yakiniku.
I should have known.
That was the   first time I've faced such humiliation.
Please treat me next time.
I'd like to eat some sashimi.
Maybe some   maguro, or some maguro, or some maguro.
My house is super close by, so   you can't escape.
(I will report in the following volume whether or not I was able to   successfully make Shunsaku-sama treat me).
Anyway, acknowledgments are below.
To my editor, thank you very much for staying on top of me until I met   my deadline.
I will be sure to pay back your kindness next time."
I already   finished the manuscript early, didn't I?" is what I would say.
I'm sure you   would definitely be impressed.
However, if I just barely manage to squeeze it   in before the deadline, I'm sorry.
Tee hee!
?   Lastly, to you, all of my readers.
Thank you very much for reading   Novel 2 all the way to the end.
Even during times when my hands won't   move because of (what is likely) my poor physical health, the fact that people   are holding this book in their hands and reading it gives me the   encouragement to keep going.
I will be diligent from now on, so thank you   all very much.
Author:   Syougo Kinugasa   Born in November.
Blood type, AB.
Primarily responsible for the   scenario and PC game planning.
Most important works are Guards of   Daybreak and Reminiscence.
His body has begun to break down, which has   strengthened his resolve to go in for a medical examination.
He has begun to   open his eyes to enlightenment.
Illustrator:   Tomoseshunsaku   Born in September.
The lead animator and illustrator for the Sagittarius   games.
Lead animator for Guards of Daybreak, Reminiscence, etc.
If he loses   eight kilograms by the end of the year, his friends will buy him a PlayStation   4, which has strengthened his resolve to work hard to lose weight.
Thank you for reading!
Get the latest news about your favorite Seven Seas books and brand-new   licenses delivered to your inbox every week:   Sign up for our newsletter!
Or visit us online:   gomanga.
com/newsletter